---
layout: page
title: Call Transaction
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/convertigo-request-steps/call-transaction/
metadesc: Defines a step invoking a transaction.   The  Call Transaction  step enables to call any existing transaction from the same project or another. It pro
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: convertigo-request-steps
ObjName: Call Transaction
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.TransactionStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/transactionstep_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a step invoking a transaction. 

The <i>Call Transaction</i> step enables to call any existing transaction from the same project or another. It provides input variables to the target transaction, and returns XML data from the call.<br/>Variables to be used for the call must be described at step level by adding <i>Variables</i> child objects. You can manually set variables or use the <b>Import variables from the target transaction</b> contextual menu to automatically copy the variable definitions from the target transaction.<br/>The target transaction returns structured XML data, its XML schema has to be generated while developing the transaction and is automatically imported to the <i>Call Transaction</i> step while configuring its <b>Transaction</b> property. Thus, the transaction's schema is known by the calling step and elements from the transaction result can be correctly sourced from it.<br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• A <i>Call Transaction</i> step with all its properties filled and including the target variables can be easily created at once in the Convertigo Studio <b>Projects</b> view. To do so, drag-and-drop with <span class="computer">Ctrl</span> key pressed a transaction from its parent connector to a sequence or a block step where the <i>Call Transaction</i> step has to be created.<br/>• The client/server HTTP session of parent sequence is spread to the called transaction context, even if it is called internally (<b>Internal invoke</b> property set to <span class="computer">true</span>).<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Context name | JS expression | standard | Defines the specific context name to use (one is automatically created otherwise).<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution. If not empty, the computed context name is appended to current session's <span class="computer">JSessionID</span> to define the context ID of the context that is created. <br/>The execution context of called transaction / sequence is named:<br/><br/>• after the <b>Context name</b> property of the <i>Call Transaction</i> / <i>Call Sequence</i> step,<br/>• automatically thanks to parent sequence parameters, if the <b>Context name</b> property is not specified.<br/><br/>Every automatically named context will be deleted at the end of the sequence execution. Explicitly named contexts will remain for further transaction or sequence use. <br/>To re-use a named context, call the transaction / sequence in the same session and pass the context name through:<br/><br/>• the <b>Context name</b> property of <i>Call Transaction</i> / <i>Call Sequence</i> step,<br/>• the <span class="computer">__context</span> parameter sent to Convertigo while calling the transaction / sequence. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> The creation or the destruction of context is effective in server mode only.
Internal invoke | boolean | standard | Defines if the called transaction/sequence should be called internally (through the Convertigo engine) or externally (i.e. via the web application server, in HTTP).<br/>Since version 6.3.3 of Convertigo, the HTTP session of parent sequence is spread to called transaction/sequence context even if the transaction/sequence is called using internal invoke.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Transaction | String | standard | Defines the target project, connector from this project and transaction to request.<br/>The target transaction must be one of the transactions of one of the connectors from an existing project, the project in which the <i>Call Sequence</i> step is added or another project opened in the same Convertigo. <br/>This property is set by selecting the target transaction in a list of values of the following form: <span class="computer">&lt;project_name&gt;.&lt;connector_name&gt;.&lt;transaction_name&gt;</span> to avoid mistakes in case of transactions with the same name in several projects.
Connection string | XMLVector | expert | Replaces the connection parameters of target connector.<br/>The connection string represents different data depending on connector type:<br/><br/>• <i>HTTP / HTML connector</i>: replaces the connector URL string made up of the connector's <b>Server</b> name, server <b>Port</b>, <b>Root path</b> and transaction's <b>Sub path</b> properties.<br/>• <i>Javelin connector</i>: replaces the address set in the <b>Connection address</b> property, made up of <b>Connection parameter</b>, <b>Host name</b>, host <b>Port</b> and <b>Connection type</b> sub properties.<br/>
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
