---
layout: page
title: HTTP multi-valued variable
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/common/variables/statement-variables/http-multi-valued-variable/
metadesc: Defines a multi-valued variable for an HTTP-based statement.   An  HTTP multi-valued variable  declares a variable which accepts one or more values to
ObjGroup: Common
ObjCatName: statement-variables
ObjName: HTTP multi-valued variable
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.variables.HttpStatementMultiValuedVariable
ObjIcon: /images/beans/variables/images/httpstatementmultivaluedvariable_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a multi-valued variable for an HTTP-based statement. 

An <i>HTTP multi-valued variable</i> declares a variable which accepts one or more values to an HTTP-based statement. <br/>This variable is dedicated to HTTP-based statements only: <br/><br/>• <i>HTTP request</i> statement. <br/><br/>This variable object allows defining a list of HTTP request parameters through the <b>HTTP name</b> and <b>HTTP method</b> properties. <br/>It can define a default list of value(s), specified in the <b>Default value</b> property, that are used as HTTP parameters values if no value is found for this variable. <br/>At runtime, the HTTP parameters values are calculated by Convertigo through the following steps: <br/><br/>• if a variable of the same name exists in the JavaScript scope of current context, the JavaScript value of the variable is chosen (this JavaScript variable should be an array of values), <br/>• if no JavaScript variable is defined, the context value of the variable is chosen, if a variable of the same name is stored in current context, <br/>• if none of the previous methods gives a value, the default values defined in <b>Default value</b> property are used, <br/>• if no default value is specified, the variable is not sent in the HTTP request. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> In Convertigo Studio, when an <i>HTTP multi-valued variable</i> is created in an <i>HTTP request</i> statement, it can be easily replaced by an <i>HTTP single-valued variable</i>, using the right-click menu on the variable and choosing the option <b>Change to</b> &gt; <b>SingleValued variable</b>.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Default value | Object | standard | Defines the variable's default value(s).<br/>This property allows defining a default value or default list of values to use when no variable value is provided to the parent transaction (or sequence). <br/>A variable is always created with a default value set to <span class="computer">null</span>, which means that the variable is only declared and has no default value. <br/>At run time, Convertigo looks for the variable among the query parameters, the JavaScript scope or the objects in the context to retrieve its value. If the variable is found, its value is used, if not found, the default value specified by this property is used. <br/>In this last case, and if the default value of the variable is not set (<b>Default value</b> property set to <span class="computer">null</span>), an exception can be thrown by any object or JavaScript code trying to use the undefined variable. <br/>It is up to the Convertigo developer to unset the variable's <span class="computer">null</span> value, i.e. to set a default value to the variable. He should prefer using a <i>Test Case</i> to test specific values for the variable or pass a variable value directly when invoking the transaction (or sequence). <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> To unset the <span class="computer">null</span> value of the property, click on the cross-shaped button in the field. Then, the default value is an empty string. You can use it as is or add a value.
Description | String | standard | Describes the variable.<br/>This property is used to describe the variable in the widget generated from its parent transaction (or sequence) in Convertigo Mashup Composer.
HTTP method | String | standard | Defines the HTTP method to use for this variable.<br/>This property allows choosing which HTTP method has to be used to send the variable in the HTTP request. The following values are available: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">GET</span>: the variable is added to the query string as follows: <span class="computer">?&lt;initial_query_string&gt;&amp;&lt;variable_name&gt;=&lt;variable_value&gt;</span>. <br/>• <span class="computer">POST</span>: the variable is added to the post data sent in the HTTP request as a standard <span class="computer">POST FORM</span>. <br/><br/><span class="computer">GET</span> and <span class="computer">POST</span> method variables can be mixed in a same statement. If at least one <span class="computer">POST</span> variable is used, the statement's HTTP verb is overridden to <span class="computer">POST</span> by Convertigo.
HTTP name | String | standard | Defines the HTTP parameter name.<br/>This property allows defining the name of the HTTP parameter sent in the request by Convertigo executing the statement. The HTTP parameter named by this property is added to the query string or to post data, depending on the <b>HTTP method</b> property value. <br/>If the HTTP-based statement emulates a form submission, this property can match the <span class="computer">name</span> attribute of an HTML input field. If the HTTP-based statement emulates a resource access by URL, this property can match one of the variables names from the query string (between "<span class="computer">&amp;</span>" and "<span class="computer">=</span>" characters).
Soap array | boolean | standard | Defines if the multi-valued variable should be seen as a Soap Array of a occurrence of variables.<br/>In the case of transaction or sequence defined as a public SOAP method, this property allows to specify of the current multi-valued variable has to be seen in SOAP envelope as a Soap Array with multiple values inside it or as an occurrence of identical variables.
Visibility | int | standard | Defines the variable's visibility.<br/>This property allows defining whether the variable's value is masked or not in:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">log files</span>: selecting this option will mask the variable's value that may be printed in all loggers,<br/>• <span class="computer">studio user interface</span>: selecting this option will mask the variable's value in the <b>Properties</b> view from the Studio, as well as in the tree of the <b>Projects</b> view,<br/>• <span class="computer">platform user interface</span>: selecting this option will mask the variable's value in the test platform of the project and when editing the project in Convertigo web administration,<br/>• <span class="computer">project's XML files</span>: selecting this option will mask the variable's value in the project's XML files generated on the file system when saving the objects from the project. <br/><br/>Any combination of these options can be chosen, it allows to customize precisely the variable's value display. A last option is available: <span class="computer">Mask value in all</span>. Selecting this option will mask the variable's value in all previously described cases.
isRequired | Boolean | standard | Defines whether the variable is required.<br/>
