---
layout: page
title: Videotex commands
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/legacy/extraction-rules/vdx-gui-components/videotex-commands/
metadesc: Defines the Videotex commands.    This rule deals with Videotex keywords such as  SUITE ,  RETOUR , etc. It applies to each keyword element found in t
ObjGroup: Legacy
ObjCatName: vdx-gui-components
ObjName: Videotex commands
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.vdx.CommandVdx
ObjIcon: /images/beans/vdx/images/command_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines the Videotex commands.

This rule deals with Videotex keywords such as `SUITE`, `RETOUR`, etc. It applies to each keyword element found in the screen map, depending on case dependency.


Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Case dependency | boolean | configuration | Defines whether letter case should be respected in keyword detection.<br/>If set to `false`, keywords match even if the case is not similar. For example, `pf13` and `PF13` match the `PF13` keyword.
Comment | String | configuration | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | configuration | Defines whether the extraction rule is active.
Is final | boolean | configuration | Defines if the extraction is final, i.e. whether pending extraction rules should try to match on the current extraction rule matching blocks.<br/>If set to `true`, once the rule applies on a matching block, Convertigo doesn't apply the following rules on this block. This can be used to prevent a block from being modified by other rules.
Keywords table | XMLVector | configuration | Defines a list of keywords that can be detected, with replacement texts, optional data to send and associated action.<br/>This property is a list of *Keywords*. For each *Keyword* you can define:<br/><br/>- **Keyword**: Keyword string to handle when found in the screen,<br/>- **Replace Text**: Replacement text for the keyword (hotspot label, optional),<br/>- **Sent data**: Data to be sent before performing action (optionnal),<br/>- **Action**: Action key to be pressed when the user clicks on the button (action key corresponding to found keyword).<br/><br/>**Note:**<br/><br/>- A new keyword can be added to the list using the blue keyboard icon. The keywords defined in the list can be ordered using the arrow up and arrow down buttons, or deleted using the red cross icon.<br/>- The order of the keywords defined in this table is very important, it is used for detection priority. That means if two keywords can match on a block, only the first keyword from this table will be handled for this block.
Mashup event | String | configuration | Defines mashup events dispatched on click.<br/>Mashup events can be of two types:<br/><br/>- Calling directly a transaction or a sequence in Convertigo,<br/>- Launching an event in Mashup Composer.<br/><br/>**Mashup event** property allows to define a combination of one direct call to a Convertigo transaction or sequence and/or one launch of Mashup Composer event. Filling this property adds a `mashup_event` attribute to the block, containing the previous combination in a JSON syntax of one of the following formats:<br/><br/>- `{"requestable":{"__transaction":"<transaction name>","__connector":"<connector name>"}}` for a transaction call only,<br/>- `{"requestable":{"__sequence":"<sequence name>"}}` for a sequence call only,<br/>- `{"event":"<event name>"}` for a mashup event only,<br/>- `{"requestable":{"__transaction":"<transaction name>","__connector":"<connector name>"},"event":"<event name>"}` for a transaction call and a mashup event,<br/>- `{"requestable":{"__sequence":"<sequence name>"},"event":"<event name>"}` for a sequence call and a mashup event.<br/><br/>This `mashup_event` attribute and its content have to be handled by the XSL file applying at the end of the transaction to generate a real Convertigo call and/or Mashup Composer event on click on the displayed object.
starFlag | boolean | configuration | starFlag
Attributes | int | selection | Defines the presentation attributes on which the rule applies, i.e. the rule applies on blocks matching these presentation attributes.<br/>This property allows to configure the rule so that it applies only to parts of screens having specific attributes, for example green text on black background.<br/><br/>Presentation attributes to configure are :<br/><br/>- **Color**: `Foreground` color, `Background` color, to choose in a list of predefined colors or "not to take into account".<br/>- **Decoration**: `bold`, `reverse`, `underlined`, `blink`, for each decoration choose between "with the decoration", "normal" (i.e. without the decoration), or "not to take into account".
Screen zone | XMLRectangle | selection | Defines the screen zone on which the rule applies, i.e. the rule applies on blocks completely contained in this screen area.<br/>This property allows to configure the rule so that it applies only to areas of screens. All blocks found within the specified perimeter are matching this screen zone and can be processed by the rule.<br/><br/>The screen area is defined through four coordinates:<br/><br/>- x (area left corner),<br/>- y (area upper corner),<br/>- w (area width),<br/>- h (area height).<br/><br/>All values are given in characters, with the upper left corner being (x=0, y=0).<br/><br/>`-1` represents an undefined value: `(x=-1, y=-1, w=-1, h=-1)` is an undefined area representing the whole screen, i.e. all blocks, whatever their coordinates, are matching this screen zone and can be processed by the rule.
Type | String | selection | Defines, using a regular expression, to which block types the rule applies.<br/>For example, if set to:<br/><br/>- `static`, the rule applies to blocks of `static` type only.<br/>- `static &#124; field`, the rule applies to blocks of `static` or `field` type only.<br/>- `[^field]`, the rule applies to all but `field` type blocks.<br/><br/>**Note:**<br/><br/>- For more information about regular expression patterns, see the following page: `http://www.regular-expressions.info/reference.html`.<br/>- To test regular expressions, you can use the regular expression tester at the following URL: `http://www.regular-expressions.info/javascriptexample.html`.
