---
layout: page
title: Replace text
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/legacy/extraction-rules/text-handling/replace-text/
metadesc: Replaces occurrences of a specific text in a block.   The  Replace text  extraction rule replaces texts matching the  Searched text  property in block
ObjGroup: Legacy
ObjCatName: text-handling
ObjName: Replace text
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.common.ReplaceText
ObjIcon: /images/beans/common/images/replacetext_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Replaces occurrences of a specific text in a block. 

The <i>Replace text</i> extraction rule replaces texts matching the <b>Searched text</b> property in blocks defined by presentation attributes or block position.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | configuration | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | configuration | Defines whether the extraction rule is active.
Is final | boolean | configuration | Defines if the extraction is final, i.e. whether pending extraction rules should try to match on the current extraction rule matching blocks.<br/><br/>If set to <span class="computer">true</span>, once the rule applies on a matching block, Convertigo doesn't apply the following rules on this block. This can be used to prevent a block from being modified by other rules.
Regular expression | boolean | configuration | Defines whether the searched text is a regular expression or not.<br/>If set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the searched text parameter is a regular expression. This allows more flexibility for text replacements. For example, with 5250 platforms, it is frequent to remove trailing dots at the end of field descriptions. To do this, set this parameter to <span class="computer">true</span> and set the searched for text parameter to: <span class="computer">.(s.)+</span> <br/>If set to <span class="computer">false</span>, the searched text parameter is a simple text string that will be replaced when present.
Replacement text | String | configuration | Defines the text that will be used to replace the searched text.
Searched text | String | configuration | Defines the text to be replaced or the regular expression defining text to be replaced.<br/>Depending on <b>Regular expression</b> property, this property contains a text or a regular expression to define the searched text. <br/>It is possible to code non ASCII characters using the following syntax:  <span class="computer">&#&lt;decimal ASCII code&gt;;</span>. For example, if the searched text is " " and the replaced text is <span class="computer">&#160;</span>, the rule will replace all regular spaces in a block with the character of ASCII code 160 representing unbreakable spaces in HTML. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span><br/><br/>• For more information about regular expression patterns, see the following page: <span class="computer">http://www.regular-expressions.info/reference.html</span>. <br/>• To test regular expressions, you can use the regular expression tester at the following URL: <span class="computer">http://www.regular-expressions.info/javascriptexample.html</span>. <br/>
Attributes | int | selection | Defines the presentation attributes on which the rule applies, i.e. the rule applies on blocks matching these presentation attributes.<br/>This property allows to configure the rule so that it applies only to parts of screens having specific attributes, for example green text on black background.<br/>Presentation attributes to configure are :<br/><br/>• <b>Color</b>: <span class="computer">Foreground</span> color, <span class="computer">Background</span> color, to choose in a list of predefined colors or "not to take into account".<br/>• <b>Decoration</b>: <span class="computer">bold</span>, <span class="computer">reverse</span>, <span class="computer">underlined</span>, <span class="computer">blink</span>, for each decoration choose between "with the decoration", "normal" (i.e. without the decoration), or "not to take into account".<br/>
Screen zone | XMLRectangle | selection | Defines the screen zone on which the rule applies, i.e. the rule applies on blocks completely contained in this screen area.<br/>This property allows to configure the rule so that it applies only to areas of screens. All blocks found within the specified perimeter are matching this screen zone and can be processed by the rule. <br/>The screen area is defined through four coordinates: <br/><br/>• x (area left corner), <br/>• y (area upper corner), <br/>• w (area width), <br/>• h (area height). <br/><br/>All values are given in characters, with the upper left corner being (x=0, y=0). <br/><span class="computer">-1</span> represents an undefined value: <span class="computer">(x=-1, y=-1, w=-1, h=-1)</span> is an undefined area representing the whole screen, i.e. all blocks, whatever their coordinates, are matching this screen zone and can be processed by the rule.
Type | String | selection | Defines, using a regular expression, to which block types the rule applies.<br/>For example, if set to: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">static</span>, the rule applies to blocks of <span class="computer">static</span> type only. <br/>• <span class="computer">static &#124; field</span>, the rule applies to blocks of <span class="computer">static</span> or <span class="computer">field</span> type only. <br/>• <span class="computer">[^field]</span>, the rule applies to all but <span class="computer">field</span> type blocks.<br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span><br/><br/>• For more information about regular expression patterns, see the following page: <span class="computer">http://www.regular-expressions.info/reference.html</span>. <br/>• To test regular expressions, you can use the regular expression tester at the following URL: <span class="computer">http://www.regular-expressions.info/javascriptexample.html</span>.<br/>
