---
layout: page
title: Javelin connector
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/legacy/javelin-connector/
metadesc: Establishes connections with a legacy screen application (<span class="computer">IBM 3270 , <span class="computer">IBM 5250 , <span class="computer">B
ObjGroup: Legacy
ObjCatName: 
ObjName: Javelin connector
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.connectors.JavelinConnector
ObjIcon: /images/beans/connectors/images/javelinconnector_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Establishes connections with a legacy screen application (<span class="computer">IBM 3270</span>, <span class="computer">IBM 5250</span>, <span class="computer">Bull DKU 7107</span> or <span class="computer">Videotex</span>). 

A <i>Javelin connector</i>, also named <i>Legacy connector</i>, represents a connection to a legacy system, based on a terminal emulation session. It allows Convertigo to connect to a mainframe application to perform transactions, that is to say navigate through legacy screens and either:<br/><br/>• extract data into a proper XML document (CLI), <br/>• on-the-fly webize legacy screens (CLP). <br/><br/><i>Javelin connector</i> is needed by Convertigo to connect to legacy applications. Once connected, all tasks (screen classes detection, data extraction, browsing, etc.) associated with the <i>Javelin connector</i> can be carried out as defined in the project thanks to several objects:<br/><br/>• Screen classes, <br/>• Criteria, <br/>• Extraction rules, <br/>• Javelin transactions, <br/>• Screen classes handlers.<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Connection address | String | standard | Defines the connection address.<br/>The connection address of a <i>Javelin connector</i> is composed of: <br/><br/>• a <b>destination address</b>, as a hostname (or IP adress) and optionally a port, <br/>• a <b>connection type</b>: most often <span class="computer">DIR</span> for direct connection, it can also take <span class="computer">EIC</span> or <span class="computer">TCP</span> as value, <br/>• a <b>connection parameter</b>, optional.<br/><br/>The <b>connection parameter</b> has different meanings according to the emulator: <br/><br/>• 3270: TN3270 device name, <br/>• 5250: TN5250 device name, <br/>• DKU: MAILBOX, <br/>• Minitel: service code (e.g. '3615SNCF'). <br/><br/>It can be defined using an automatic numbering syntax managed by Convertigo engine: <span class="computer">PREFIX&lt;POOL:x-y/z&gt;SUFFIX</span>. <br/>This syntax will automatically generate a pool of "auto-numbered connection parameters", the <i>Javelin connector</i> will use one of them when a new connection starts. <br/>This syntax is composed of the following elements: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">PREFIX</span>: any prefix string to start the device name or service code, <br/>• <span class="computer">&lt;POOL:x-y/z&gt;</span>: incremental number from x to y on z digits (for example <span class="computer">&lt;POOL:1-99/2&gt;</span> meaning an incremental number from 1 to 99 on 2 digits, i.e. from <span class="computer">01</span> to <span class="computer">99</span>), <br/>• <span class="computer">SUFFIX</span>: any suffix string to end the device name or service code. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• When a connection using an "auto-numbered connection parameter" is closed, the parameter is released in the pool and can be used again. <br/>• This pool of "auto-numbered connection parameters" works like a round robin: when released, an "auto-numbered connection parameter" is queued at the end of the pool. It will be re-used only when all others have been used before. <br/>• The pool of "auto-numbered connection parameters" will not work in Convertigo Studio context, only works in Convertigo server.<br/>
Emulator | String | standard | Defines the emulator associated with the connector.<br/>This property takes one of the following values: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">Bull DKU 7107</span>, <br/>• <span class="computer">IBM 3270</span>, <br/>• <span class="computer">IBM 5250 (AS/400)</span>, <br/>• <span class="computer">Videotex (Minitel)</span>, <br/>• <span class="computer">Unix (VT220)</span>.<br/>
Billing Java class | String | expert | Defines the Java class name executed for billing pruposes.<br/>Convertigo supports a plugin architecture offering billing functionalities. Set the name of the billing class to be called by Convertigo for billing purposes.
Carioca authentication | boolean | expert | Defines whether the connector requires a Carioca authentication.<br/>Set to <span class="computer">true</span> if you require that only Carioca-authenticated users be able to use this connector.
Connection synchronization code | String | expert | Defines the code to execute for synchronization purposes after connecting the emulator to the host.<br/>This property allows the developer to program a code to be executed to synchronize the emulator after its connection, before executing any transaction. It uses JavaScript code as <i>Javelin transaction</i> core.
Enable SSL | boolean | expert | Defines whether a SSL connection should be used.
End transaction | String | expert | Defines the transaction to execute before removing the context.<br/>When a Convertigo context is removed, the specified "End transaction" is executed. Place in this transaction any clean up code, for example a Logout transaction.
IBM terminal type | String | expert | Defines the IBM terminal type.<br/>This property allows to override the value of the <b>TerminalType</b> configuration property. <br/>Depending on the <b>Emulator</b> property value, this overridden configuration property is present in different files, and this <b>IBM terminal type</b> property can take different values.<br/>For <span class="computer">IBM 3270</span> emulator: <br/><br/>• the <b>TerminalType</b> configuration property is defined in "TerminalSNA.txt" configuration file, <br/>• its default value is positioned to "IBM-3278", <br/>• it can be overridden by <b>IBM terminal type</b> property to <span class="computer">IBM-3278</span> (corresponding to old 3270), <br/>• or it can be overridden by <b>IBM terminal type</b> property to <span class="computer">IBM-3279</span> (default value for 3270). <br/><br/>For <span class="computer">IBM 5250</span> emulator: <br/><br/>• the <b>TerminalType</b> configuration property is defined in "TerminalAS400.txt" configuration file, <br/>• its default value is positioned to "IBM-5250", <br/>• it can be overridden by <b>IBM terminal type</b> property to <span class="computer">IBM-3179</span> (default value for 5250).<br/>
Language | int | expert | Defines the language used within the emulator.<br/>This property value has to be chosen amongst a list of available values.
Trust all SSL server certificates | boolean | expert | Defines if all server certificates should be automatically trusted for SSL connections.
Virtual server | String | expert | Defines the name of the virtual server to use (if left empty, the primary virtual server is used).
