---
layout: page
title: Form PDF
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/others/form-pdf/
metadesc:  Generate a PDF with dynamic data in it.    The   PDF form step   allows you to generate a PDF. You can use a complex containing elements to add dynam
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: others
ObjName: Form PDF
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.PdfFormStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/pdfForm_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### <i>Generate a PDF with dynamic data in it.</i> 

The <i><b>PDF form step</b></i> allows you to generate a PDF. You can use a complex containing elements to add dynamic values in your PDF. The elements names must be the name of your fields, then add its values. <br/>The template file path can be either relative or absolute : <br/> • ./ are relative to Convertigo workspace. <br/> • .// are relative to current project folder. <br/> •  For absolute path you need to escape "\". <br/>  Two actions are possible : <i>fillForm</i> and <i>getFields</i>. <br/> For the <b><i>Fields</i></b> property you can source your fields created with a complex type, or use a JSON array type expression. <br/> If using a JSON array type expression, this must be of the type : {key: value} where 'key' is your field name and 'value' its value. <br/><br />If you want to insert images in the PDF. You must create in the template for each image placeholder a "Submit" Button field with the size and position you would like the image to be inserted. The Form Fill Step will automatically scale the image to the Size of the button.<br /> The Image data can be in base64 format (Without the data:image/xxxx;base64, header) or can be a JPG or GIF file on disk. In this case just give the path to the image file.  <br /><u><b>Action :</b></u> <br/> • <i>fillForm :</i> Fill the form fields with values. You can use either complex type with elements or JSON array type expression. <br/> • <i>getFields :</i> Collect all the fields of your PDF template. Return a XML schema.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Fields | SmartType | standard | The fields that will be contained in the form. To check checkboxes three values are possible : "On", "True", "Yes".
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
PDF template path | SmartType | standard | The PDF template path. ex : .//data/documents/template.pdf
Target File Path | SmartType | standard | The target file path where the PDF file will be generated.
Action | Action | expert | Action you want to do. 'fillForm' intents to fill the fields. 'getFields' allows you to collect all the fields in a PDF.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
