---
layout: page
title: Hash code
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/others/hash-code/
metadesc: Generates a hash code from a given file.   The  Hash code  step generates a hash code from a given file using a predefined algorithm, that can be conf
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: others
ObjName: Hash code
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.GenerateHashCodeStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/generatehashcode_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Generates a hash code from a given file. 

The <i>Hash code</i> step generates a hash code from a given file using a predefined algorithm, that can be configured using the <b>Hash algorithm</b> property.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Hash algorithm | HashAlgorithm | standard | Defines the algorithm to use for file hashing.<br/>This property can take one of the following values:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">MD5</span>: uses <span class="computer">MD5</span> algorithm to generate the hash from the file, <br/>• <span class="computer">SHA-1</span>: uses <span class="computer">SHA-1</span> algorithm to generate the hash from the file.<br/>
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Node name | String | standard | Defines the tag name of the generated XML element.<br/>This property can contain any name, no words are reserved, and must follow the rules on XML naming:<br/><br/>• it can contain letters, numbers, and other characters, <br/>• it cannot start with a number, <br/>• it cannot contain spaces nor punctuation character.<br/>
Offset | JS expression | standard | Defines the offset in bytes from where the hash starts.<br/>This property allows you to hash just a part of your file. The offset must not be bigger than the file size.
Source | JS expression | standard | Defines the path of the file to hash.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the file to hash. <br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">./</span> are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>• <span class="computer">.//</span> are relative to current project folder. <br/>
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
