---
layout: page
title: Push Notifications
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/others/push-notifications/
metadesc: Defines a step able to send notifications to mobile devices.   The  Push Notifications  step is used to make the sequence send a notification to mobil
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: others
ObjName: Push Notifications
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.PushNotificationStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/pushnotificationstep_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a step able to send notifications to mobile devices. 

The <i>Push Notifications</i> step is used to make the sequence send a notification to mobile devices using one of the standard <span class="computer">APNS</span> (Apple), or <span class="computer">GCM</span> (Android) channels. <br/>The list of devices to which send the notification is configured using the <b>Device tokens</b> property. The data to be sent in the notification is configured using the <b>Notification data</b> property. <br/>Other properties (which names start by APNS or Google) are those to use in order to configure the technical parameters of the push system. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> For more information about using Push notifications in Convertigo, please refer to the article in our technical blog: http://www.convertigo.com/en/how-to/technical-blog/entry/using-convertigo-push-manager.html

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
APNS certificate password | JS expression | standard | Defines the password of the Apple .p12 certificate file.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the valid password for the <span class="computer">.p12</span> certificate file.
APNS client certificate | JS expression | standard | Defines an Apple .p12 certificate file to use for push on iOS devices.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of a <span class="computer">.p12</span> certificate file. The <span class="computer">.p12</span> file must be generated by Apple's Certificate portal (https://developer.apple.com/account/overview.action). This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">./</span> are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>• <span class="computer">.//</span> are relative to current project folder. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> Do not put the .p12 certificate in the <span class="computer">DisplayObject</span> folder of the current Convertigo project as it will be packaged within the mobile application during the build process. This would lead to a security breach.
APNS notification type | ApnsNotificationType | standard | Defines the type of push notification for Apple's APNS.<br/>This property allows to define which Apple's APNS push type is to be used. It can take one of the following values: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">Message</span>: sends messages, <br/>• <span class="computer">Badge</span>: notifies application's badge, <br/>• <span class="computer">Sound</span>: plays a sound. <br/><br/>Default value is <span class="computer">Message</span>.
APNS use production server | JS expression | standard | Defines the usage of the APNS production (true) or development (false) server.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and should be a 'true' value for use the production APNS server, else use the development one.
Android push time to live | JS expression | standard | Defines the time to live (in seconds) of the push notification for Android devices.<br/>The <b>Android push time to live</b> property allows to define the time to live of the message sent for Android GCM. If the message is not delivered within this time, it will be discarded. <br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the time to live in seconds (it should be an integer value). <br/>Default value is <span class="computer">3600</span> seconds, i.e. one hour.
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Device tokens | XMLVector | standard | Defines the list of tokens identifying the mobile devices to notify.<br/>The <b>Device tokens</b> property is of source type, defining a list of nodes from a previous step for current step to work on. <br/>A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, the step has no data to work on: no device is selected, no notification is sent, and the parent sequence execution continues. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• The mobile device tokens must be known from the Convertigo Server so a list of tokens can be used in this property. Generally, the tokens are generated by the mobile device itself and are sent to Convertigo Server by executing a "storing" sequence. The "storing" sequence should store the tokens in a database (or else), so that they can be retrieved and used in this property. <br/>• The mobile device tokens are destination aware: an Android Google Cloud Messaging token will start by <span class="computer">gcm:</span> and Apple's APNS tokens will start by <span class="computer">apns:</span>. The tokens stored server-side already contain this piece of information. <br/>
Google API key | JS expression | standard | Defines the Google Cloud messaging API key to use for push on Android devices.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the Google Cloud messaging API key. This key can be obtained by following the Google Cloud Messaging documentation (http://developer.android.com/google/gcm/gs.html).
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Notification data | XMLVector | standard | Defines the data to be sent in the notification.<br/>The <b>Notification data</b> property is of source type, defining a list of nodes from a previous step for current step to work on. <br/>A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, the step has no data to work on: notification is sent with no data. <br/>This content can be a text message, a number to be displayed on a badge, or the name of a sound to play, depending on the <b>APNS notification type</b> property value (only for iOS devices).
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
