---
layout: page
title: Set response header
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/others/set-response-header/
metadesc: Sets a response header for the current sequence.   The  Set response header  step allows to add or set an HTTP header on the sequence's response.  The
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: others
ObjName: Set response header
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.SetResponseHeaderStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/setResponseHeader_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Sets a response header for the current sequence. 

The <i>Set response header</i> step allows to add or set an HTTP header on the sequence's response. <br/>The header name and value are set using the <b>Header name</b> and the <b>Header value</b> properties. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> Although its <b>Output</b> property is set to <span class="computer">false</span> by default, this step generates an <span class="computer">header</span> XML Element in output, that contain the header name and value in child elements.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Header name | SmartType | standard | Defines the header's name.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the name of the header to set on the response. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/>
Header value | SmartType | standard | Defines the header's value.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the value of the header to set on the response. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/>
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
