---
layout: page
title: Application
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/mobile-application/application/
metadesc: Defines the application implemented in this project.   The  Application  object allows the developer to define a mobile application in a Convertigo Mo
ObjGroup: Mobile Application
ObjCatName: 
ObjName: Application
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.core.MobileApplication
ObjIcon: /images/beans/core/images/mobileapplication_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines the application implemented in this project. 

The <i>Application</i> object allows the developer to define a mobile application in a Convertigo Mobile project. Only one <i>Application</i> object can be associated with a Convertigo <i>Project</i>. <br/>The <i>Application</i> object represents the mobile application developed in project's resources. It takes place for the web mobile application as well as for the native device applications that are built using Convertigo Mobile Builder server, leading to the generation of mobile applications that can be installed on devices. <br/>The <i>Application</i> object includes the Flash Update functionality. When mobile application pages and resources are changed on the Convertigo project, the Flash Update will automatically update them in the mobile applications installed on devices. This feature can be enabled or not. <br/>Most properties of <i>Application</i> are taken into account at application build. They cannot be updated thanks to the Flash Update: the app needs to be built again and updated on stores when these properties are changed. It is also the case for the <span class="computer">config.xml</span> configuration file: if it is changed, it is taken into account only at application re-build. <br/>Only the following <i>Application</i> properties are always directly updated at Flash Update: <br/><br/>• <b>Enable Flash Update</b> property, <br/>• <b>Flash Update requires user confirmation</b> property, <br/>• <b>Application version</b> property (only updated in JavaScript variable, accessible using <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("currentVersion");</span> method), <br/>• <b>Splashscreen hiding mode</b> property, <br/>• and <b>Accessibility</b> property. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> If no file content has been modified, the Flash Update does not detect that some updates were made. The following cases are not managed for the moment: <br/><br/>• When updating the <b>Application version</b> property: if no other file content is updated, the Flash Update does not detect this change and the new value is not updated. The value available in JavaScript expression <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("currentVersion");</span> remains the old one. <br/>• When renaming or deleting file(s): if no other file content is updated, the file renaming or deletion is not detected by the Flash Update. These changes are not updated on mobile devices and the old files remain. <br/><br/>These limitations are due to the fact that the Flash Update relies for now on the update date of files. If you want one of these changes to be taken into account, update one of the project resource files and save this update. It will lead the Flash Update to detect that an update was made.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Application ID | String | standard | Defines the mobile application ID.<br/>If empty, the mobile application ID is set by default to <span class="computer">com.convertigo.mobile.&lt;project_name&gt;</span>, with <span class="computer">&lt;project_name&gt;</span> the name of the Convertigo project. <br/>The mobile application ID is used to build the mobile applications on the Convertigo Mobile builder platform. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> After the application is built, this value is available in client JavaScript code using the <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("applicationId");</span> method.
Application author email | String | standard | Defines the author email of the mobile application.<br/>When the mobile application is built, the <b>Application author email</b> property defines the built application author email in the build server. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> After the application is built, this value is available in client JavaScript code using the <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("applicationAuthorEmail");</span> method.
Application author name | String | standard | Defines the author name of the mobile application.<br/>When the mobile application is built, the <b>Application author name</b> property defines the built application author name in the build server. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> After the application is built, this value is available in client JavaScript code using the <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("applicationAuthorName");</span> method.
Application author website | String | standard | Defines the website URL of the mobile application's author.<br/>When the mobile application is built, the <b>Application author website</b> property defines the built application author's website URL in the build server. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> After the application is built, this value is available in client JavaScript code using the <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("applicationAuthorWebsite");</span> method.
Application description | String | standard | Defines the short description of the mobile application.<br/>When the mobile application is built, the <b>Application description</b> property defines the built application short description in the build server. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> After the application is built, this value is available in client JavaScript code using the <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("applicationDescription");</span> method.
Application name | String | standard | Defines the name used by the mobile application.<br/>When the mobile application is built, the <b>Application name</b> property defines the built application name, used to identify the application in the build server. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> After the application is built, this value is available in client JavaScript code using the <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("applicationName");</span> method.<br />Note that this property is also used to set the application name in a WEB / PWA application and will be displayed as a browser's TAB name
Application version | String | standard | Defines the mobile application's version.<br/>This property allows the project's developer to set a version to the mobile application. It is used for the built mobile application. <br/>The version syntax should be of the following form: <span class="computer">x.y.z</span>, with x, y and z being numbers. If not, the value is automatically transformed to an <span class="computer">x.y.z</span> version. For example, "2" will be transformed to "2.0.0", "3.1" to "3.1.0", "3.1.4_beta" to "3.1.4". <br/>If left empty, the version of the parent <i>Project</i> is used. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> After the application is built, this value is available in client JavaScript code using the <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("builtVersion");</span> method. If this value is updated thanks to the Flash Update, the current version (not from build) is available in client JavaScript code using the <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("currentVersion");</span> method.
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Convertigo server endpoint | String | standard | Defines the URL of the Convertigo server used by the mobile application.<br/>The <b>Convertigo server endpoint</b> property defines the accessible URL of the Convertigo server where the project is deployed. This Convertigo server needs to be accessed by the mobile application after installation on devices. <br/>If this property is left empty, the default value is set to <span class="computer">http://&lt;current_Convertigo_host:port&gt;/&lt;Convertigo_webapp_name&gt;</span>, with: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">&lt;current_Convertigo_host:port&gt;</span> being the host name or IP address, plus port number, of the Convertigo server currently accessed, <br/>• <span class="computer">&lt;Convertigo_webapp_name&gt;</span> being the current Convertigo webapp name (for example <span class="computer">convertigo</span> for Studio or on-premises Server, <span class="computer">cems</span> for Cloud Server). <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> After the application is built, this value is available in client JavaScript code using the <span class="computer">C8O.getCordovaEnv("endPoint");</span> method.
Enable Flash Update | boolean | standard | Defines whether the Flash Update feature is enabled for this mobile application.<br/>The Flash Update feature allows the mobile application to be notified when updates have been deployed on the server. The installed applications on mobile devices are then be automatically updated. <br/>The <b>Enable Flash Update</b> property can be set to <span class="computer">true</span>, enabling the Flash Update, or to <span class="computer">false</span>, disabling the Flash Update. Default value is <span class="computer">true</span>. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> When this property is changed, the built applications already installed on devices will automatically take the new value into account, allowing the developer to switch between Flash Update modes without building again the app and re-deploying it on the stores.
Splashscreen hiding mode | SplashRemoveMode | standard | Defines the hiding mode of the mobile application's splashscreen.<br/>This property allows the project's developer to configure how and when the application splashscreen has to be hidden. This property can take the following values: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">Before Flash Update</span>: The application's splashscreen is automatically hidden by the C8O JavaScript library, before the Flash Update starts. The Flash Update page is visible in the mobile application and then redirects to the application pages. <br/>• <span class="computer">After Flash Update</span>: The application's splashscreen is automatically hidden by the C8O JavaScript library, after the Flash Update starts. The Flash Update page is not visible in the mobile application, masked by the splashscreen. The splashscreen is hidden when the library redirects to the application pages. <br/>• <span class="computer">Manual</span>: The application's splashscreen is not automatically hidden by the C8O JavaScript library. The splashscreen must be explicitely hidden by the mobile application JavaScript code, using: <span class="computer">C8O.splashscreenHide();</span> method.<br/><br/>For <i>Android</i> platform, the <span class="computer">config.xml</span> file can declare a timeout for splashscreen hiding: <span class="computer">SplashScreenDelay</span>. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> The C8O JavaScript API includes two methods to manipulate the splashscreen directly in application JavaScript code: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">C8O.splashscreenShow();</span> allows to show the splashscreen, <br/>• <span class="computer">C8O.splashscreenHide();</span> allows to hide the splashscreen.<br/>
Accessibility | Accessibility | expert | Defines the mobile application's accessibility.<br/>This property can take the following values: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">Public</span>: The mobile application is runnable from everyone, it is visible in the Test Platform and it can be built. This is the default value. <br/>• <span class="computer">Hidden</span>: The mobile application is runnable but only from people who know the execution URL, it is not visible in the Test Platform so cannot be built, excepted for people who are identified in the Test Platform as administrator. <br/>• <span class="computer">Private</span>: The mobile application is only runnable from people who are identified in the Test Platform as administrator, it is not visible in the Test Platform and cannot be built, excepted for people who are identified in the Test Platform as administrator. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> In the Test Platform: <br/><br/>• The administrator user (authenticated in Administration Console or Test Platform) can see, run and build all mobile applications, no matter what their <b>Accessibility</b> is. <br/>• The test user (authenticated in the Test Platform or in case of anonymous access) can see, run and build public mobile applications and run hidden ones if he knows their execution URL.<br/>
Flash Update build mode | FlashUpdateBuildMode | expert | Defines the mobile application build mode.<br/>The mobile application can be built empty for installation on devices or already containing the all user interface. The <b>Build mode</b> property can take one of the following values: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">full</span>: the built mobile application will contain all the user interface and resources, <br/>• <span class="computer">light</span>: the built mobile application is a shell that will download the user interface and resources at first launch. In this case, the Flash Update feature should be enabled thanks to the <b>Enable Flash Update</b> property, otherwise, the UI and resources will not be downloaded and the app will remain empty.<br/>
Flash Update requires user confirmation | boolean | expert | Defines if the Flash Update feature requires the user confirmation.<br/>When the Flash Update feature is enabled thanks to the <b>Enable Flash Update</b> property, the <b>Flash Update requires user confirmation</b> property allows to define whether the application update is done automatically at application startup (property set to <span class="computer">false</span>), or after a confirmation from the mobile application's user (property set to <span class="computer">true</span>). Default value is <span class="computer">false</span>, which sets the Flash Update to be automatic. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> When this property is changed, the built applications already installed on devices will automatically take the new value into account, allowing the developer to switch between Flash Update modes without building again the app and re-deploying it on the stores.
Flash Update timeout | long | expert | Defines the maximum time (in ms) for Flash Update to check for application resource updates.<br/>If the timeout is reached, the Flash Update automatically redirects to the local application without update. <br/>An infinite timeout can be defined by setting this property to <span class="computer">0</span>: the Flash Update will wait endlessly for updates. <br/>In case of network failure (no connection to network from the device, HTTP error from server, etc.), the timeout is not used and the Flash Update automatically redirects to the local application.
Mobile builder authentication token | String | expert | Defines the authentication token of the Mobile builder account to use to build the mobile application.<br/>When building a mobile application, a Mobile builder account (which is nothing more than a PhoneGap build account) is mandatory. Convertigo provides one by default, used by default in Convertigo engine. <br/>This default Mobile builder authentication token can be configured at engine level, in the <i>Mobile builder</i> tab of the <i>Administration Console</i>'s <i>Configuration</i> page. This engine level authentication token will be used by default for all mobile applications built by the Convertigo. <br/>The <b>Mobile builder authentication token</b> property allows to override the Mobile builder authentication token for this mobile application's build. If left empty, the common Mobile builder authentication token defined at Convertigo engine level is used. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> Once a PhoneGap build account is configured thanks to the Mobile builder authentication token, do not forget to configure all mobile platforms certificates and keys in accordance. Refer to the documentation of each platform object for more information.
