---
layout: page
title: HTTP transaction
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/web-services/http-transaction/
metadesc: Defines an HTTP transaction.   An  HTTP transaction  is a Convertigo transaction based on HTTP requests. It allows to perform an HTTP request and get 
ObjGroup: Web services
ObjCatName: 
ObjName: HTTP transaction
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.transactions.HttpTransaction
ObjIcon: /images/beans/transactions/images/httptransaction_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines an HTTP transaction. 

An <i>HTTP transaction</i> is a Convertigo transaction based on HTTP requests. It allows to perform an HTTP request and get the response back. <br/>Unlike <i>XML HTTP transaction</i>, <i>JSON HTTP transaction</i> or <i>Download HTTP transaction</i>, simple <i>HTTP transaction</i> receives text-based HTTP responses. It is used to retrieve any data in HTTP protocol (non XML-based REST web service, image or file getting, etc.). <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> <i>HTTP connector</i> supports OAuth authentication. To enable OAuth, you simply need to provide four variables to any kind of <i>HTTP transaction</i>: <span class="computer">__header_oAuthKey</span>, <span class="computer">__header_oAuthSecret</span>, <span class="computer">__header_oAuthToken</span> and <span class="computer">__header_oAuthTokenSecret</span>. For more information about OAuth in <i>HTTP connector</i>, refer to the following article in our Technical Blog: <i>http://www.convertigo.com/en/how-to/technical-blog/entry/using-oauth-with-convertigo-http-connector.html</i><br/>Dynamic parameter exists:<br/>• <span class="computer">__header_[name]</span>: dynamically add a header <b>name</b>,<br/>• <span class="computer">__GET_[name]</span>: dynamically add a GET parameter <b>name</b>,<br/>• <span class="computer">__POST_[name]</span>: dynamically add a POST parameter <b>name</b>,<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Accessibility | Accessibility | standard | Defines the transaction/sequence accessibility.<br/>This property can take the following values: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">Public</span>: The transaction/sequence is runnable from everyone and everywhere, visible in the Test Platform and is also exposed in the SOAP WSDL as a web service method. <br/>• <span class="computer">Hidden</span>: The transaction/sequence is runnable but only from people who know the execution URL, not visible in the Test Platform nor exposed in the SOAP WSDL. <br/>• <span class="computer">Private</span>: The transaction/sequence is only runnable from within the Convertigo engine (<i>Call Transaction</i>/(<i>Call Sequence</i> steps), is not visible in the Test Platform and cannot be requested as SOAP web service method. This value is used for tests, unfinished transactions/sequences or functionalities not to be exposed. Private transactions/sequences remain runnable in the Studio, for the developer to be able to test its developments.<br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> In the Test Platform: <br/><br/>• The administrator user (authenticated in Administration Console or Test Platform) can see and run all transactions / sequences, no matter what their <b>accessibility</b> is. <br/>• The test user (authenticated in the Test Platform or in case of anonymous access) can see and run public transactions/sequences and run hidden ones if he knows their execution URL. <br/>
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
HTTP data encoding | int | standard | Defines the data encoding to use for encoding the data received through the HTTP connector.<br/>HTTP data retrieved through the <i>HTTP connector</i> can be one of of the following types: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">string</span> type: string data are not encoded,<br/>• <span class="computer">binary</span> type: binary data are encoded in <span class="computer">Base64</span>.<br/>
HTTP response in CDATA | boolean | standard | Defines if the string result must be in a CDATA under the root Element or in a simple TextNode.<br/>If 'true', CDATA is used and the string content isn't modified. If 'false', TextNode is used and the string content is automatically XML encoded.
HTTP string charset | String | standard | Defines the charset use to decode the data string received through the HTTP connector.<br/>Works only for 'HTTP data encoding' in 'string' mode. If blank, the charset is retrieve from the response header if any else 'ascii' is used.
HTTP verb | HttpMethodType | standard | Defines the HTTP verb to use for this HTTP request: <span class="computer">GET</span>, <span class="computer">POST</span>, <span class="computer">PUT</span>, <span class="computer">DELETE</span>, <span class="computer">HEAD</span>, <span class="computer">TRACE</span>, <span class="computer">OPTIONS</span> or <span class="computer">CONNECT</span>.<br/>For more information about HTTP verbs, you can visit the following RFC page: <i>http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec9.html</i>.
Response timeout | long | standard | Defines the response maximum waiting time (in seconds).<br/>Maximum time (in seconds) for a transaction/sequence to run. When specified time is reached, the transaction/sequence ends and returns a timeout error. If requested through the SOAP interface, the error is returned as a SOAP exception.
Sub path | String | standard | Defines the end of the path for the HTTP connection.<br/>This property allows to define the sub path, relative to the connector root path, to the target web service URI.<br/>For example, if the target is: <span class="computer">http://server/MyApp/targetpage.jsp</span>, the connector server would be: <span class="computer">server</span>, the connector root path: <span class="computer">/MyApp</span> and the transaction sub path: <span class="computer">/targetpage.jsp</span>. <br/>The transaction sub path can be parameterized with the transaction's variables, to be dynamically configured at runtime with variable values. To use transaction variables in the sub path, use following syntaxe:<br/>• the simple-brace notation - variable name surrounded by curly braces : <span class="computer">/subdir/{variable_name}.jsp</span>.
Add statistics to response | boolean | expert | Defines whether some statistics of execution of the transaction/sequence should be added as data in the transaction/sequence's response.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the transaction/sequence response will be enhanced with the statistics data of its execution (total time for the request, time spent waiting for the mainframe, etc.). <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> This property has nothing to do with the general property of the Convertigo engine <b>Insert statistics in the generated document</b> that can be edited in the <i>Configuration</i> page of the <i>Administration Console</i>.
Allow Download Attachment | boolean | expert | Defines if files of multipart response must be written.<br/>If the property is true, the attachments are written on temporary files. In SOAP, create an &lt;attachment&gt; tag for each attachment directly under the corresponding &lt;xop:Include&gt; element.
Authenticated context required | boolean | expert | Defines whether an authenticated context is required to execute the transaction/sequence.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the context of execution of the transaction/sequence must have been authenticated. Otherwise, the transaction/sequence is not executed. Default value is <span class="computer">false</span> for a standard access to transactions/sequences. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• When a context is authenticated, all the contexts in the same HTTP session are also authenticated. For more information about context and HTTP session, see <i>Context general presentation</i> paragraph in <i>JavaScript Objects APIs</i> chapter. <br/>• When executing a transaction/sequence from stub (<span class="computer">__stub</span> variable passed to <span class="computer">true</span> in entry), this property is ignored. Indeed, executing from stub is for testing purposes and should not require any authentication: the context would never be authenticated as the transaction/sequence setting the context as authenticated could also be executed from stub.<br/>
Authenticated user as cache key | boolean | expert | Defines whether the authenticated user should be used as cache key.<br/>When the cache is enabled (<b>Response lifetime</b> setting filled with a time-to-live), the <b>Authenticated user as cache key</b> property allows to specify to use the authenticated user ID from context/session as an additional key to the cache. <br/>It would have as effect that two different identified users cannot retrieve the cached response of the other for the same request. Default value is <span class="computer">false</span>: the authenticated user is not used as cache key.
Call the biller | boolean | expert | Defines whether the billing management module should be called for each generated XML document.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the applicable billing management module, defined thanks to the connector's billing class name property, is invoqued. <b>This parameter should never be changed</b> (Convertigo private use only).
Character set | String | expert | Defines the character set used for operations on the generated XML document (default: <span class="computer">UTF-8</span>).
Custom HTTP verb | String | expert | Defines a custom HTTP verb that override the HTTP verb selected.<br/>This property allows to override the verb of <span class="computer">HTTP verb</span> but inherit its behavior. Does nothing if empty.
Follow Redirect | boolean | expert | Defines if the transaction automatically follow the redirect.<br/>If the property is true, a new request is done to the new URL defined by the <span class="computer">Location</span> header. If the property is false and a redirect occurs, the result will be empty so we recommend to enable the <span class="computer">HttpInfo</span> property.
HTTP Pool | HttpPool | expert | Defines the HTTP pool policy for connection reuse.<br/>Possible values: <br/><br/>• <b>no</b>: create a new connection for each request<br/>• <b>context</b>: pool connection for the current <span class="computer">convertigo context</span><br/>• <b>session</b>: pool connection for the current <span class="computer">http session</span><br/>• <b>global</b>: pool connection for the whole server<br/><br/>Default value is <span class="computer">global</span>.
HTTP headers | XMLVector | expert | Defines HTTP headers to be sent.<br/>This property allows to define the request Header Fields to be sent with the request to the target web service method. <br/>For each header, two columns have to be set:<br/><br/>• <b>Variable</b>: HTTP header name (ex: <span class="computer">Content-Type</span>).<br/>• <b>Value</b>: HTTP header value (ex: <span class="computer">application/x-www-from-urlencoded</span>). <br/><br/>The "Content-Type" header of this property can be overridden with a __contentType variable.<br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> A new HTTP header can be added to the list using the blue keyboard icon. The HTTP headers defined in the list can be ordered using the arrow up and arrow down buttons, or deleted using the red cross icon.
HTTP info | boolean | expert | Defines whether to include HTTP information in output XML.<br/>HTTP information can be added to the transaction's output XML, such as the request URL, HTTP status code and the HTTP request and response headers. You can also have the raw HTTP data in case of error. <br/>The <b>HTTP info</b> property allows to define whether these information have to be inserted in the transaction's output XML (value set to <span class="computer">true</span>) or not (value set to <span class="computer">false</span>). <br/>Default value is <span class="computer">false</span>.
HTTP info tagname | String | expert | Defines the tagname of the element containing the HTTP info in output XML.<br/>When the <b>HTTP info</b> property defines to insert the HTTP information in the transaction's output XML, the <b>HTTP info tagname</b> property allows the programmer to define the tagname of the element containing these information. <br/>Default value is <span class="computer">HttpInfo</span>.
Handles cookies | boolean | expert | Defines whether cookies must be handled.<br/>If set to <span class="computer">true</span> (default value), the transaction maintains cookies in Convertigo's context. Default value should not be changed unless you specifically want the transaction to ignore cookies while browsing.
Include certificate group | boolean | expert | Includes the certificate group into the cache key.<br/>If set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the certificate group is added to the cache key which is used to determine whether the transaction's response should be pulled from the cache or not. <br/>A transaction's cached response is pulled from the cache when all cache key values are corresponding to a stored cache entry.
Request template | String | expert | Defines the request body template file path.<br/>HTTP request sent by the transaction can contain data in its body. This data is based on a user-defined template file, which can be: <br/><br/>• an XML file describing the content of the HTTP request body, possibly including transaction input variables in the data structure, <br/>• an XSL file used to transform the variable-based transaction input XML to generate the content of the HTTP request body. <br/><br/>This property allows to define the path of the template file, it is either: <br/><br/>• a local file, by default relative to the project's directory, or to the project's current subfolder, <br/>• a local file relative to the Convertigo webapp common <span class="computer">templates</span> directory, <br/>• an absolute path. <br/><br/>If the template file is an XML file, it can contain transaction variables identified with a specific syntax in the XML and dynamically replaced at runtime with received variable values. <br/>The syntax to use in the XML template file to refer to a transaction variable is the following: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">$(&lt;variableHttpName&gt;)</span>: this simple notation starts with a <span class="computer">$</span> character and then includes between brackets the <b>HTTP name</b> of the variable. Beware that the <b>HTTP name</b> of the variable can be different from the variable name (see <i>Variable</i> objects documentation). <br/>• <span class="computer">$(&lt;variableHttpName&gt;)concat</span>: this notation is very similar to the preceding, excepted that the last bracket is followed by the <span class="computer">concat</span> keyword. It starts by a <span class="computer">$</span> character and includes between brackets the <b>HTTP name</b> of the variable, that should be in this case a <i>Multi-valued variable</i>. The <span class="computer">concat</span> keyword implies that all values received in the <i>Multi-valued variable</i> must be concatenated before replacing this notation by this computed value in the template XML. <br/>• <span class="computer">$(&lt;variableHttpName&gt;)</span>: this notation is identical to the first notation, but the behavior is different for a <i>Multi-valued variable</i>. The tag surrounding this notation in the template XML is duplicated for each value in the <i>Multi-valued variable</i>.  <br/>
Response client cache | boolean | expert | Defines whether the transaction/sequence response should be cached by the client.<br/>If set to <span class="computer">false</span>, the response XML is sent to the client along with HTTP headers forcing the client browser not to store it in its local cache. This is the default value, since dynamic responses are usually preferred. If set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the XML response is sent normally.
Response lifetime | String | expert | Defines the response time-to-live (in seconds) in cache, i.e. the time during which the cached response remains valid or time interval for its renewal.  This property enables the cache when filled, disables the cache when left empty.<br/>The <b>Response lifetime</b> property allows to specify the cache settings for the transaction/sequence's response. It can be set to the following values: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">&lt;empty&gt;</span>: Disables the cache for the transaction/sequence. The response will not be cached and each request will execute the complete transaction. It is the default value. <br/>• <span class="computer">absolute,&lt;time in secs&gt;</span>: Enables the cache for the transaction/sequence. The response will be cached for the time specified in seconds. If an other request with the same parameters occurs within this time, the response will be returned from the cache. <br/>• <span class="computer">daily,hh:mm:ss</span>: Enables the cache for the transaction/sequence. The response will be cached until <span class="computer">hh:mm:ss</span> of the current day is reached. If an other request with the same parameters occurs before this time, the response will be returned from the cache. <b>A new day starts at 00:00:00.</b> <br/>• <span class="computer">weekly,hh:mm:ss,w</span>: Enables the cache for the transaction/sequence. The response will be cached until <span class="computer">hh:mm:ss</span> of the <span class="computer">wth</span> day of week is reached. For Sunday w = 1, for Monday w = 2 ... and for Saturday w = 7. If an other request with the same parameters occurs before this time, the response will be returned from the cache. <b>A new day starts at 00:00:00.</b> <br/>• <span class="computer">monthly,hh:mm:ss,d</span>: Enables the cache for the transaction/sequence. The response will be cached until <span class="computer">hh:mm:ss</span> of the <span class="computer">dth</span> day of month is reached. If an other request with the same parameters occurs before this time, the response will be returned from the cache. <b>A new day starts at 00:00:00.</b> <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• The <b>Response lifetime</b> property editor proposes a <i>Generator tool</i> that can help you configure the <b>Response lifetime</b> setting. <br/>• The <i>Variable</i> objects contain the <b>Cache key</b> property that allows to specify to use this variable as a key to the cache or not. See <i>Variable</i> objects documentation for more information. <br/>
Secure connection required | boolean | expert | Defines whether the transaction/sequence should be called through a secured connection (e.g. HTTPS).<br/>Depending on the requester, if this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the transaction/sequence must be accessed through a secure connection (e.g. HTTPS in case of HTTP access). Default value is <span class="computer">false</span> for a standard access to transactions/sequences.
Style sheet | int | expert | Defines how the XML returned by the transaction has to be processed by XSLT.<br/>This property can take the following values:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">None</span>: Do not process with XSLT. Usual setting for web services (SOAP or REST) where plain XML data is to be returned.<br/>• <span class="computer">From transaction</span>: Use the XSL style sheet attached to the transaction. When used, make sure a style sheet object is added to the transaction.<br/>• <span class="computer">From last detected screen class</span>: Use XSL style sheet attached to the last detected screen class (in case of a transaction with screen classes). <br/><br/>Transactions using sheets from last detected screen class are mainly used in Web Clipping or Legacy Publishing projects.
URL charset encoding | String | expert | Defines the charset encoding to use for the variable values sent as parameters in HTTP request.<br/>This property allows to define the charset encoding used to URL-encode the parameter values: <br/><br/>• GET parameters for the query string, <br/>• POST parameters in case of <span class="computer">application/x-www-form-urlencoded</span> content-type. <br/><br/>Default value is blank. If blank, the parent connector's <b>Default URL charset encoding</b> property value is used.
