---
layout: page
title: IfExistThenElse
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/flow-control-steps/ifexistthenelse/
metadesc: Defines an <span class="computer">IF...THEN...ELSE...  conditional step looking for node(s) on a source.   The  IfExistThenElse  step is one of Conver
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: flow-control-steps
ObjName: IfExistThenElse
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.IfExistThenElseStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/if_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines an <span class="computer">IF...THEN...ELSE...</span> conditional step looking for node(s) on a source. 

The <i>IfExistThenElse</i> step is one of Convertigo Sequencer conditional steps. This step contains two child steps (<i>Then</i> and <i>Else</i>) which are executed depending on whether the source defined through the <b>Source</b> property exists or not:<br/><br/>• <i>Then</i> step and child steps are executed when the specified source exists.<br/>• <i>Else</i> step and child steps are executed when the specified source does not exist. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> In Convertigo Studio, when an <i>IfExistThenElse</i> step is created in a sequence, it can be easily replaced by an <i>IfExist</i>, using the right-click menu on the step and choosing the option <b>Change to</b> &gt; <b>IfExist</b>. The <b>Source</b> property remains the same and the steps present in the sub-steps are:<br/><br/>• steps present in the <i>Then</i> step are moved to the <i>IfExist</i>, <br/>• steps present in the <i>Else</i> step are deleted.<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Source | XMLVector | expert | Defines the source to work on.<br/>This property allows defining a list of nodes from a previous step on which current step performs tests. <br/>A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, the step has no data to work on: the test fails.
