---
layout: page
title: IfExist
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/flow-control-steps/ifexist/
metadesc: Defines an <span class="computer">IF  conditional step looking for node(s) on a source.   The  IfExist  step is one of Convertigo Sequencer conditiona
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: flow-control-steps
ObjName: IfExist
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.IfExistStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/if_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines an <span class="computer">IF</span> conditional step looking for node(s) on a source. 

The <i>IfExist</i> step is one of Convertigo Sequencer conditional steps. This step contains other steps executed only if the source defined through the <b>Source</b> property exists. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> In Convertigo Studio, when an <i>IfExist</i> step is created in a sequence, it can be easily replaced by an <i>IfExistThenElse</i>, using the right-click menu on the step and choosing the option <b>Change to</b> &gt; <b>IfExistThenElse</b>. The <b>Source</b> property remains the same and the steps present in the <i>IfExist</i> are moved to the <i>Then</i> sub-step.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Source | XMLVector | expert | Defines the source to work on.<br/>This property allows defining a list of nodes from a previous step on which current step performs tests. <br/>A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, the step has no data to work on: the test fails.
