---
layout: page
title: IfIsInThenElse
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/flow-control-steps/ifisinthenelse/
metadesc: Defines an  IF...THEN...ELSE...  conditional step looking for matches on a source.    The  IfIsInThenElse  step is one of the Convertigo Sequencer con
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: flow-control-steps
ObjName: IfIsInThenElse
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.IsInThenElseStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/ifIsIn_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines an `IF...THEN...ELSE...` conditional step looking for matches on a source.

The *IfIsInThenElse* step is one of the Convertigo Sequencer conditional steps. This step is based on a source and one or more regular expression(s) called "Tests". This step contains two child steps (*Then* and *Else*) which are executed depending on whether the specified source exists and if tests match on that specified source or not:

- *Then* step and child steps are executed when specified source exists and tests match on source,
- *Else* step and child steps are executed when specified source exists and tests do not match on source or when specified source does not exist.

**Note:** In Convertigo Studio, when an *IfIsInThenElse* step is created in a sequence, it can be easily replaced by an *IfIsIn*, using the right-click menu on the step and choosing the option **Change to** > **IfIsIn**. The **Source** and **Tests** properties remain the same and the steps present in the sub-steps are:

- steps present in the *Then* step are moved to the *IfIsIn*,
- steps present in the *Else* step are deleted.


Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to `true` to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to `false` to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/><br/>Setting this property to `false` does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Source | XMLVector | expert | Defines the source to work on.<br/>This property allows defining a list of nodes from a previous step on which current step performs tests.<br/><br/>A **source** is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution.<br/><br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, the step has no data to work on: the test fails.
Tests | XMLVector | expert | Defines match tests as regular expressions.<br/>This property allows to define a list of tests that are applied on the source result.<br/><br/>For each test, two elements have to be set:<br/><br/>- **Operator**: value to choose between `AND` and `NOT`, the operator value is applied on the regular expression result to keep it (`AND`) or to inverse it (`NOT`).<br/>- **Regular exp**: defines a regular expression to apply (inverted or not thanks to operator value) on the source result.<br/><br/>**Note:**<br/><br/>- A new test can be added to the list using the blue keyboard icon. The tests defined in the list can be ordered using the arrow up and arrow down buttons, or deleted using the red cross icon.<br/>- In order to be able to test the regular expressions on the source result, the defined source has to select a text node.<br/>- For more information about regular expression patterns, see the following page: `http://www.regular-expressions.info/reference.html`.<br/>- To test regular expressions, you can use the regular expression tester at the following URL: `http://www.regular-expressions.info/javascriptexample.html`.
