---
layout: page
title: jDoWhile
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/flow-control-steps/jdowhile/
metadesc: Defines a <span class="computer">DO...WHILE  loop step based on a JavaScript condition.   This step executes a group of child steps once, then repeats
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: flow-control-steps
ObjName: jDoWhile
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.DoWhileStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/do_while_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a <span class="computer">DO...WHILE</span> loop step based on a JavaScript condition. 

This step executes a group of child steps once, then repeats execution of the loop until the condition expression set in the <b>Condition</b> property is found to be false.<br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> You can add other steps to this step: these are the steps executed in the loop.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Condition | JS expression | standard | Defines the block condition expression.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that will be evaluated as condition (<span class="computer">true</span> or <span class="computer">false</span>) in order to decide whether to execute or not the child steps. <br/>JavaScript variables and code are supported in this property.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
