---
layout: page
title: jIf
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/flow-control-steps/jif/
metadesc: Defines an <span class="computer">IF  conditional step based on a JavaScript condition.   The  jIf  step is one of Convertigo Sequencer conditional st
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: flow-control-steps
ObjName: jIf
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.IfStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jif_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines an <span class="computer">IF</span> conditional step based on a JavaScript condition. 

The <i>jIf</i> step is one of Convertigo Sequencer conditional steps. This step is based on a JavaScript condition and contains other steps executed only if the condition is fulfilled.<br/>The condition, defined in the <b>Condition</b> property, is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution as <span class="computer">true</span> or <span class="computer">false</span>. If the condition is considered <span class="computer">true</span>, then steps under the parent <i>jIf</i> step are executed. If the condition is considered <span class="computer">false</span>, the steps under the parent <i>jIf</i> step are not executed. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> In Convertigo Studio, when an <i>jIf</i> step is created in a sequence, it can be easily replaced by an <i>jIfThenElse</i>, using the right-click menu on the step and choosing the option <b>Change to</b> &gt; <b>jIfThenElse</b>. The <b>Condition</b> property remains the same and the steps present in the <i>jIf</i> are moved to the <i>Then</i> sub-step.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Condition | JS expression | standard | Defines the block condition expression.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that will be evaluated as condition (<span class="computer">true</span> or <span class="computer">false</span>) in order to decide whether to execute or not the child steps. <br/>JavaScript variables and code are supported in this property.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
