---
layout: page
title: jIfThenElse
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/flow-control-steps/jifthenelse/
metadesc: Defines an <span class="computer">IF...THEN...ELSE...  conditional step based on a JavaScript condition.   The  jIfThenElse  step is one of the Conver
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: flow-control-steps
ObjName: jIfThenElse
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.IfThenElseStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jif_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines an <span class="computer">IF...THEN...ELSE...</span> conditional step based on a JavaScript condition. 

The <i>jIfThenElse</i> step is one of the Convertigo Sequencer conditional steps. This step is based on a JavaScript condition and contains two child steps (<i>Then</i> and <i>Else</i>) which are executed depending on the condition fulfillment:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">Then</span> step and child steps are executed when the condition is verified, <br/>• <span class="computer">Else</span> step and child steps are executed when the condition is not verified.<br/><br/>The condition, defined in the <b>Condition</b> property, is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution as <span class="computer">true</span> or <span class="computer">false</span>. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> In Convertigo Studio, when an <i>jIfThenElse</i> step is created in a sequence, it can be easily replaced by an <i>jIf</i>, using the right-click menu on the step and choosing the option <b>Change to</b> &gt; <b>jIf</b>. The <b>Condition</b> property remains the same and the steps present in the sub-steps are:<br/><br/>• steps present in the <i>Then</i> step are moved to the <i>jIf</i>, <br/>• steps present in the <i>Else</i> step are deleted.<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Condition | JS expression | standard | Defines the block condition expression.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that will be evaluated as condition (<span class="computer">true</span> or <span class="computer">false</span>) in order to decide whether to execute or not the child steps. <br/>JavaScript variables and code are supported in this property.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
