---
layout: page
title: jIterator
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/flow-control-steps/jiterator/
metadesc: Defines a loop step iterating on list items result from a JavaScript expression.   Also called  For Each  step, the  jIterator  step    • defines a Ja
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: flow-control-steps
ObjName: jIterator
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.SimpleIteratorStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jiterator_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a loop step iterating on list items result from a JavaScript expression. 

Also called <i>For Each</i> step, the <i>jIterator</i> step: <br/><br/>• defines a JavaScript expression as input list to work on, i.e. the name of a multi-valued variable, the name of a defined JavaScript Array, or the name of a NodeList variable created by a previous <i>jSource</i> step, etc., <br/>• iterates on each item of the specified input list, <br/>• contains child steps that are executed on each iteration, as other loop steps (for example see "<i>Iterator</i>", "<i>jWhile</i>" and "<i>jDoWhile</i>" steps documentation and examples).<br/><br/>In the iteration, child steps can access and use: <br/><br/>• the current iterated item through a JavaScript variable named <span class="computer">item</span>, which type depends on the iterated Array or NodeList, <br/>• the current iteration index through a JavaScript variable named <span class="computer">index</span>, which is an integer.<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Expression | JS expression | standard | Defines the expression evaluated to give the list to iterate on.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives a list of items (JavaScript <span class="computer">Array</span> or <span class="computer">NodeList</span>). <br/>If the expression doesn't output a list object or if the expression is left blank, the step has no data to work on: the loop does not execute its child steps and the parent sequence execution continues
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Starting index | JS expression | standard | Defines the index from which the <i>jIterator</i> should start to iterate.<br/>In the case you do not want to start an iteration at the first item (index <span class="computer">0</span>), you can specify a starting index in this property. <br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution. By default, it is set to <span class="computer">0</span> for starting at the first item of the input list. <br/>If the defined starting index does not exist in the input list, the loop does not execute its child steps and the parent sequence execution continues.
Stopping index | JS expression | standard | Defines the exclusive index to which the <i>Iterator</i> should stop to iterate.<br/>Intended mostly for testing purposes, this (optional) parameter limits the number of times the iterator loops if this last index is reached. <br/>By default, it is not filled, so the <i>jIterator</i> loops on each item from the list.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
