---
layout: page
title: Parallel
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/flow-control-steps/parallel/
metadesc: Defines a step executing child steps in parallel.   A  Parallel  step executes steps simultaneously in parallel contexts. The maximum number of contex
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: flow-control-steps
ObjName: Parallel
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.ParallelStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/parallel_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a step executing child steps in parallel. 

A <i>Parallel</i> step executes steps simultaneously in parallel contexts. The maximum number of contexts is set by the value of the <b>Max. threads</b> property. <br/>Each child step is executed in a dedicated thread. When a child thread is completed, all of its resources are released. As a consequence, a step defined outside a <i>Parallel</i> step cannot source any information from it.<br/>To do so, it is recommended that you:<br/><br/>• create a <i>Complex</i> step as a parent of the <i>Parallel</i> step,<br/>• generate information from the <i>Parallel</i> step into the <i>Complex</i> step,<br/>• use the <i>Complex</i> step as a source outside the <i>Parallel</i> step.<br/><br/>A <i>Parallel</i> step is completed (i.e. the sequence will continue flow execution) when all child threads have been completed. This means the step following a <i>Parallel</i> step starts right after all child threads have been completed.<br/>Convertigo contexts are created for each child step executed in parallel. These contexts are automatically named after parent <i>Parallel</i> step properties.<br/>If <i>Call transaction</i> or <i>Call sequence</i> steps are child of a <i>Parallel</i> step, contexts can be named after their <b>Context</b> property or automatically if this property is not specified.<br/>Every automatically named context will be deleted after the <i>Parallel</i> step execution is completed. Explicitly named contexts will remain for further transaction or sequence use.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Max. threads | JS expression | standard | Defines the maximum number of simultaneously processed threads.<br/>If this number is inferior to the number of child steps to be executed simultaneously, all child steps cannot start. In this case, <b>Max. thread</b> child steps start executing. The others wait for threads to be available.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
