---
layout: page
title: Get from session
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/http-session-management/get-from-session/
metadesc: Gets a stored variable/object from the session.   The  Get from session  step allows to easily retrieve a value previously stored (thanks to the  Set 
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: http-session-management
ObjName: Get from session
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.SessionGetStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/sessionGet_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Gets a stored variable/object from the session. 

The <i>Get from session</i> step allows to easily retrieve a value previously stored (thanks to the <i>Set in session</i> step for example) using its key. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> The HTTP session is shared by all contexts that are executed for a same user's requests.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Key | String | standard | The key of the variable/object to retrieve, i.e. the stored variable name.<br/>The variable/object was stored in session using a key, also called name. This property allows to specify the name of the variable/object to retrieve.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
