---
layout: page
title: Get authenticated user
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/http-session-management/get-authenticated-user/
metadesc: Gets the authenticated user ID from the context/session.   The  Get authenticated user  step allows to retrieve in an XML Element the authenticated us
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: http-session-management
ObjName: Get authenticated user
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.GetAuthenticatedUserStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/getAuthenticatedUser_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Gets the authenticated user ID from the context/session. 

The <i>Get authenticated user</i> step allows to retrieve in an XML Element the authenticated user ID from the context/session, if the context/session is authenticated. Otherwise, it returns an empty value. <br/>The element is named after the value of the <b>Node name</b> property.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Node name | String | standard | Defines the tag name of the generated XML element.<br/>This property can contain any name, no words are reserved, and must follow the rules on XML naming:<br/><br/>• it can contain letters, numbers, and other characters, <br/>• it cannot start with a number, <br/>• it cannot contain spaces nor punctuation character.<br/>
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
