---
layout: page
title: LDAP Authentication
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/http-session-management/ldap-authentication/
metadesc: Authenticates an user against an LDAP server.   If the user is authenticated its ID is set in current context/session and thereby the current context/
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: http-session-management
ObjName: LDAP Authentication
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.LDAPAuthenticationStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/setAuthenticatedUser_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Authenticates an user against an LDAP server. 

If the user is authenticated its ID is set in current context/session and thereby the current context/session is authenticated. <br/>The user ID is set using the <b>Login</b> property. and the LDAP password is set by the <b>password</b> property<br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> Although its <b>Output</b> property is set to <span class="computer">false</span> by default, this step generates an <span class="computer">LDAPAuthenticated</span> XML Element in output, that should always contain a <span class="computer">user</span> attribute with the user ID value if the step succeeds.<br />The generated XML element has a <span class="computer">userDn</span> XML Attribute which contain the distinguished name (dn) associated if one was found in the directory. property.server.display_name=LDAP servers

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
LDAP admin login | SmartType | standard | Defines the login that has to be used for directory search.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the user ID to set in authentication. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> If you use the <b>source</b> type for this property, the XPath application on target XML should give a text result. Otherwise, the first node's text content is taken.<br/>If addressing a Microsoft ActiveDirectory LDAP, Login may be in these 3 forms :• DOMAIN\username<br/>• username@domain.xx<br/>• cn=username,cn=users,dc=domain,dc=xx<br/>
LDAP admin password | SmartType | standard | Defines the password that has to be used for directory search.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the user ID to set in authentication. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/>
LDAP base path | SmartType | standard | Defines the directory base path that has to be used for directory search.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the user ID to set in authentication. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/>
LDAP binding policy | LdapBindingPolicy | standard | Defines the policy to apply to bind to the server.<br/>This property specifies whether to search for the user before binding. <br/>It has the following options: <br/><br/>• <b>bind</b>: try to bind the server using given user Login <br/>• <b>search and bind</b>: search if user exist in directory then bind using found distinguished name or given user Login <br/><br/>
LDAP user login | SmartType | standard | Defines the login that has to be used for directory bind and set as authenticated login.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the user ID to set in authentication. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> If you use the <b>source</b> type for this property, the XPath application on target XML should give a text result. Otherwise, the first node's text content is taken.<br/>If addressing a Microsoft ActiveDirectory LDAP, Login may be in these 4 forms :• username<br/>• DOMAIN\username<br/>• username@domain.xx<br/>• cn=username,cn=users,dc=domain,dc=xx<br/>
LDAP user password | SmartType | standard | Defines the password that has to be used for directory bind and set as authenticated password.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the user ID to set in authentication. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> If you use the <b>source</b> type for this property, the XPath application on target XML should give a text result. Otherwise, the first node's text content is taken.
property.server.display_name | SmartType | standard | Defines the comma separated server URLs to use.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the user ID to set in authentication. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/>LDAP server can be defined as a DNS name or IP address , default port is 389.<span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> If you use the <b>source</b> type for this property, the XPath application on target XML should give a text result. Otherwise, the first node's text content is taken.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Search Attributes | SmartType | expert | Defines an optional list of attributes to search.<br/>Only works if <b>LDAP binding policy</b> is <b>search and bind</b>. <br/>"This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the user ID to set in authentication. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, use as a list of one item, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, can be a single string value or a JS array of string values<br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/>
