---
layout: page
title: Set authenticated user
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/http-session-management/set-authenticated-user/
metadesc: Sets a user ID as the authenticated user ID of the current context/session.   The  Set authenticated user  step allows to set a user ID as the authent
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: http-session-management
ObjName: Set authenticated user
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.SetAuthenticatedUserStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/setAuthenticatedUser_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Sets a user ID as the authenticated user ID of the current context/session. 

The <i>Set authenticated user</i> step allows to set a user ID as the authenticated user ID in the current context/session and thereby, sets the current context/session as authenticated. <br/>The user ID is set using the <b>User ID</b> property. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> Although its <b>Output</b> property is set to <span class="computer">false</span> by default, this step generates an <span class="computer">authenticatedUserID</span> XML Element in output, that should always contain the user ID value if the step succeeds. 

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
User ID | SmartType | standard | Defines the user ID that has to be set as authenticated user.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to define the user ID to set in authentication. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a default text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> If you use the <b>source</b> type for this property, the XPath application on target XML should give a text result. Otherwise, the first node's text content is taken.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
