---
layout: page
title: jException
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/javascript-steps/jexception/
metadesc: Raises a Convertigo Engine exception.   In some circumstances, it is necessary to explicitly raise a Convertigo Engine exception. This is reflected as
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: javascript-steps
ObjName: jException
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.ExceptionStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/exception_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Raises a Convertigo Engine exception. 

In some circumstances, it is necessary to explicitly raise a Convertigo Engine exception. This is reflected as a <span class="computer">SoapFaultException</span> for SOAP web service callers or by an error structure in XML output for any other caller. <br/><b>Message</b> and <b>Details</b> properties can be set to complex JavaScript expressions, mixing text strings and data from variables. These expressions are evaluated during the sequence execution and build a dynamic message and details output in the raised exception. <br/>The error XML structure contains a <span class="computer">type</span> attribute, which value is automatically set to <span class="computer">c8o</span> in case of Exception. It allows to differentiate an irrecoverable Server error from a project/applicative error created using an <i>Error</i> step (<span class="computer">type</span> attribute value is then <span class="computer">project</span>). <br/>A <i>jException</i> step breaks the sequence execution flow, the sequence ends just after this step's execution (contrary to <i>Error</i> step which does not break the execution flow).

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Details | JS expression | standard | Provides additional details about the triggered error.<br/>This property allows the developer to dynamically add some details content in the raised Exception, depending on the sequence execution.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Message | JS expression | standard | Provides the (humanly readable) error message.<br/>This property allows the developer to dynamically define the message text of the raised Exception, depending on the sequence execution.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
