---
layout: page
title: jSimpleSource
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/javascript-steps/jsimplesource/
metadesc: Defines a step extracting a string from a source into a variable in Javascript scope.   The  jSimpleSource  step gets a single node from the source de
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: javascript-steps
ObjName: jSimpleSource
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.SimpleSourceStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jsimplesource_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a step extracting a string from a source into a variable in Javascript scope. 

The <i>jSimpleSource</i> step gets a single node from the source defined in the <b>Source</b> property and sets a JavaScript variable in the current executed sequence JavaScript scope. This variable contains a <span class="computer">String</span>.<br/>The variable is named after the <b>Variable name</b> property value. It exists while the sequence is running.<br/>If no node matches, the variable is <span class="computer">null</span>.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Variable name | String | standard | Defines the name of the JavaScript variable.<br/>If this variable exists in scope, its value is overridden. If the variable doesn't exist in scope, it is created.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Source | XMLVector | expert | Defines the source to extract.<br/>This property allows defining a list of nodes from a previous step that are set in a JavaScript variable, as described in the main description of this step. <br/>A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, depending on the step, the variable is created: <br/><br/>• as an empty <span class="computer">NodeList</span> with no data (for <i>jSource</i> step), <br/>• <span class="computer">null</span> (for <i>jSimpleSource</i> step).<br/>
