---
layout: page
title: jSource
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/javascript-steps/jsource/
metadesc: Defines a step extracting a list of nodes from a source into a variable in JavaScript scope.   The  jSource  step gets a list of nodes from the source
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: javascript-steps
ObjName: jSource
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.SourceStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jsource_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a step extracting a list of nodes from a source into a variable in JavaScript scope. 

The <i>jSource</i> step gets a list of nodes from the source defined in the <b>Source</b> property and sets a JavaScript variable in the current executed sequence JavaScript scope. This variable contains a <span class="computer">Java NodeList</span> object, i.e. a list of XML nodes get from the source.<br/>The variable is named after the <b>Variable name</b> property value. It exists while the sequence is running.<br/>If only one node matches, the variable is also a <span class="computer">NodeList</span> containing only one <span class="computer">Node</span> (index is 0). If no node matches, the variable is finally an empty <span class="computer">NodeList</span>, containing no <span class="computer">Node</span> (<span class="computer">var_name.getLength() = 0</span>). <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• The variable contains a list of node elements get from a previously executed step. To access one (<span class="computer">Node</span>) of the list, use the following syntax in a step: <span class="computer">var_name.item(index)</span>.<br/>•  To access one element's text content (<span class="computer">String</span>), use the <span class="computer">element.getTextContent()</span> method, to retrieve the text of the element, or the <span class="computer">element.getNodeValue()</span> method, which result depends on the node type (will extract a text only if the <span class="computer">Node</span> is of <span class="computer">Text</span> or <span class="computer">Attribute</span> type).<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Variable name | String | standard | Defines the name of the JavaScript variable.<br/>If this variable exists in scope, its value is overridden. If the variable doesn't exist in scope, it is created.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Source | XMLVector | expert | Defines the source to extract.<br/>This property allows defining a list of nodes from a previous step that are set in a JavaScript variable, as described in the main description of this step. <br/>A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, depending on the step, the variable is created: <br/><br/>• as an empty <span class="computer">NodeList</span> with no data (for <i>jSource</i> step), <br/>• <span class="computer">null</span> (for <i>jSimpleSource</i> step).<br/>
