---
layout: page
title: Sequence JS
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/javascript-steps/sequence-js/
metadesc: Defines a scripting step.   This helpful step allows to handle JavaScript code that will be executed in the sequence scope. This JavaScript code is ab
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: javascript-steps
ObjName: Sequence JS
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.SimpleStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jsimple_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a scripting step. 

This helpful step allows to handle JavaScript code that will be executed in the sequence scope. This JavaScript code is able to:<br/><br/>• initialize variables,<br/>• perform complex calculations,<br/>• access the context object to get useful properties such as <span class="computer">contextID</span>, <span class="computer">httpSession</span>, <span class="computer">isCacheEnabled</span>,  <span class="computer">lockPooledContext</span>, etc., <br/>• use some context methods to manipulate the result XML DOM, encode and decode data, abort sequence, etc.<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Expression | JS expression | standard | Defines the expression evaluated to give the step value.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the step's result.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
