---
layout: page
title: Copy file
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/file-management-steps/copy-file/
metadesc: Copies a file or a directory to an another path.   The  Copy file  step duplicates a file or a directory from a path to another keeping the same name.
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: file-management-steps
ObjName: Copy file
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.CopyStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/copy_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Copies a file or a directory to an another path. 

The <i>Copy file</i> step duplicates a file or a directory from a path to another keeping the same name. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> <b>Source</b> parent folder and <b>Destination</b> folder cannot be the same.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Destination | JS expression | expert | Defines the destination directory path.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the destination folder, that must be an existing folder. Otherwise, the copy will not be possible.<br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">./</span> are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>• <span class="computer">.//</span> are relative to current project folder. <br/>
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Overwrite | boolean | expert | If a file or folder with the same name exists in <b>Destination</b> directory, this property defines whether to overwrite it.<br/>By default this property is set to <span class="computer">false</span>, so the file or folder will not be overwritten if already present in <b>Destination</b> directory.
Source | JS expression | expert | Defines the path of the file or directory to copy.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the file or directory to copy. <br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">./</span> are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>• <span class="computer">.//</span> are relative to current project folder. <br/>
