---
layout: page
title: Create directory
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/file-management-steps/create-directory/
metadesc: Creates a new directory.   The  Create directory  step creates a new directory on disk.
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: file-management-steps
ObjName: Create directory
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.CreateDirectoryStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/createDirectory_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Creates a new directory. 

The <i>Create directory</i> step creates a new directory on disk.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Create non existent parent directories | boolean | expert | Defines whether the non existent but necessary parent directories should be created or not.<br/>By default, this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>: parents directories specified in path but not existing on disk are also created. <br/>If set to <span class="computer">false</span>, the directory will be created only if all parent directories are existing.
Destination | JS expression | expert | Defines the destination path.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the destination folder. <br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">./</span> are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>• <span class="computer">.//</span> are relative to current project folder. <br/>
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
