---
layout: page
title: Duplicate file
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/file-management-steps/duplicate-file/
metadesc: Duplicates a file or a directory in the same path.    The  Duplicate file  step duplicates a file or a directory in a given path updating its name. 
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: file-management-steps
ObjName: Duplicate file
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.DuplicateStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/duplicate_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Duplicates a file or a directory in the same path.

The *Duplicate file* step duplicates a file or a directory in a given path updating its name.


Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Name of the copy | JS expression | expert | Defines the name of the duplicated object (file or directory).<br/>Duplicating in the same parent folder, the copied file or directory name must be updated. This name must be different from original file or directory name.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to `true` to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to `false` to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/><br/>Setting this property to `false` does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Overwrite | boolean | expert | If a file or folder with the same name as the **Name of the copy** property exists in current directory, this property defines whether to overwrite it.<br/>By default this property is set to `false`, so the previously existing file or folder will not be overwritten if already present in current directory.
Source | JS expression | expert | Defines the path of the file or directory to duplicate.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the file or directory to duplicate.<br/><br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>- `./` are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>- `.//` are relative to current project folder.
