---
layout: page
title: List directory
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/file-management-steps/list-directory/
metadesc: Defines a step able to list the entries of a directory.    A  List directory  step lists all the non hidden files of the first level contained in the 
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: file-management-steps
ObjName: List directory
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.ListDirStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/listdir_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a step able to list the entries of a directory.

A *List directory* step lists all the non hidden files of the first level contained in the directory specified by the **Source directory** property.


Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Sort by | FileSortByPolicy | standard | Defines the way to sort file entries.<br/>Directory files may be sorted by name (default), size or last modified time.
Source directory | JS expression | standard | Defines the source directory path.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the directory which content has to be listed.<br/><br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>- `./` are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>- `.//` are relative to current project folder.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to `true` to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to `false` to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/><br/>Setting this property to `false` does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
