---
layout: page
title: Move file
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/file-management-steps/move-file/
metadesc: Moves a file or a directory to an another path.    The  Move file  step copies a file or a directory from a path to another keeping the same name and 
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: file-management-steps
ObjName: Move file
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.MoveStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/move_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Moves a file or a directory to an another path.

The *Move file* step copies a file or a directory from a path to another keeping the same name and removes the original one.

**Note:** **Source** parent folder and **Destination** folder cannot be the same.


Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Destination | JS expression | expert | Defines the destination directory path.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the destination folder, that must be an existing folder. Otherwise, the copy will not be possible.<br/><br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>- `./` are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>- `.//` are relative to current project folder.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to `true` to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to `false` to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/><br/>Setting this property to `false` does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Overwrite | boolean | expert | If a file or folder with the same name exists in **Destination** directory, this property defines whether to overwrite it.<br/>By default this property is set to `false`, so the file or folder will not be overwritten if already present in **Destination** directory.
Source | JS expression | expert | Defines the path of the file or directory to move.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the file or directory to move.<br/><br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>- `./` are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>- `.//` are relative to current project folder.
