---
layout: page
title: Read CSV
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/file-management-steps/read-csv/
metadesc: Reads a CSV file content and loads it into the step's XML.    The  Read CSV  step reads any CSV file and loads its content as an XML. As a consequence
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: file-management-steps
ObjName: Read CSV
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.ReadCSVStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/csvR_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Reads a CSV file content and loads it into the step's XML. 

The <i>Read CSV</i> step reads any CSV file and loads its content as an XML. As a consequence, the content of the CSV file is available as a source for other following steps.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Column tag | String | standard | Defines the column tag name.<br/>Any tag name to use for columns in XML can be configured using this property. Default value is <span class="computer">col</span>.
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Encoding | String | standard | Defines the encoding used in the CSV file.<br/>Empty property value auto tries <span class="computer">utf-8</span> and <span class="computer">iso-8859-1</span>. Default value for encoding is <span class="computer">utf-8</span>.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Line tag | String | standard | Defines the lines tag name.<br/>Any tag name to use for lines in XML can be configured using this property. Default value is <span class="computer">line</span>.
Source | JS expression | standard | Defines the path of the file to read.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the file to read. <br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">./</span> are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>• <span class="computer">.//</span> are relative to current project folder. <br/>
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Replace 'step' element | boolean | expert | Defines if the root 'step' element should be replaced by its content.<br/>If 'true', the current Step will append the content of the file to the current Sequence, if 'false' the content is added to a 'step' element appended to the current Sequence.
Separator | String | expert | Defines the CSV default separator symbol.<br/>Any separator character can be configured using this property. Leave empty value to enable the separator auto detection. Default value is <span class="computer">,</span>.
Title line | boolean | expert | Defines whether the CSV file has a title line or not.<br/>If set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the first line of the CSV file is handled as a title line which means that each cell of the first line is used as tag name for the following lines, containing content. <br/>More precisely, for each cell of the first line, if the cell contains data, the tag associated with the corresponding column is named after this data. Otherwise or if the property is set to <span class="computer">false</span>, the tag is named after the <b>Column tag</b> property.
Vertical direction | boolean | expert | Defines the array reading direction.<br/>If set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the reading direction is vertical. Otherwise, it is horizontal.
