---
layout: page
title: Read XML
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/file-management-steps/read-xml/
metadesc: Reads an XML file content and loads it into the step's XML.    The  Read XML  step reads any XML file and loads its content. As a consequence, the con
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: file-management-steps
ObjName: Read XML
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.ReadXMLStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/xmlR_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Reads an XML file content and loads it into the step's XML. 

The <i>Read XML</i> step reads any XML file and loads its content. As a consequence, the content of the XML file is available as a source for other following steps.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Source | JS expression | standard | Defines the path of the file to read.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the file to read. <br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">./</span> are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>• <span class="computer">.//</span> are relative to current project folder. <br/>
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Replace 'step' element | boolean | expert | Defines if the root 'step' element should be replaced by its content.<br/>If 'true', the current Step will append the content of the file to the current Sequence, if 'false' the content is added to a 'step' element appended to the current Sequence.
