---
layout: page
title: Rename file
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/file-management-steps/rename-file/
metadesc: Renames a file or a directory.   The  Rename  step renames a file or a directory.
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: file-management-steps
ObjName: Rename file
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.RenameStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/rename_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Renames a file or a directory. 

The <i>Rename</i> step renames a file or a directory.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
New name | JS expression | expert | Defines the new name for file or directory.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Overwrite | boolean | expert | Defines whether the destination file or directory should be overwritten if exists.
Source | JS expression | expert | Defines the path of the file or directory to rename.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the path of the file or directory to rename. <br/>This path is either absolute or relative to Convertigo environment. Relative paths starting with:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">./</span> are relative to Convertigo workspace,<br/>• <span class="computer">.//</span> are relative to current project folder. <br/>
