---
layout: page
title: Table
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/web/extraction-rules/data-extraction-rules/table/
metadesc: Extracts data from a web page in an XML table.   The  Table  extraction rule helps you extract data into a table structure.  Extracted data are organi
ObjGroup: Web
ObjCatName: data-extraction-rules
ObjName: Table
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.common.XMLTable
ObjIcon: /images/beans/common/images/xmltable_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Extracts data from a web page in an XML table. 

The <i>Table</i> extraction rule helps you extract data into a table structure. <br/>Extracted data are organized into an XML table structure made of:<br/><br/>•  a parent base element "corresponding to" the base HTML element containing data to extract. In most cases, this element is an HTML <span class="computer">table</span> element.<br/>•  child elements "corresponding to" recurring row HTML part. In most cases, if root is an HTML <span class="computer">table</span> element, each <span class="computer">tr</span> element is assumed to be a row of data.<br/>•  rows child elements "corresponding to" recurring column HTML part. In most cases, within a <span class="computer">tr</span> row, each <span class="computer">td</span> element is assumed to be a cell.<br/><br/>The rule is applied if the result of the table XPath expression evaluation exists in the HTML page DOM.<br/>Based on this root, the child elements are also defined by Xpath expressions. Each Xpath expression may be relative to its parent element Xpath expression, using the following syntax: "<span class="computer">./</span>".<br/>By default, a row XPath expression is <span class="computer">.//TR</span>. You can add restrictions in the XPath expression, for example <span class="computer">.//TR[position() &gt; 1]</span>, meaning that each <span class="computer">tr</span> element within the <span class="computer">table</span> is a row except the first one. <br/>Columns are defined relatively to their parent row. By default, a column Xpath expression is <span class="computer">.//TD</span>.<br/>The resulting table element is appended to the HTML transaction DOM as follows:<br/><span class="computer">&lt;table_tagname referer="referer_url"&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">  &lt;row_tagname&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">   &lt;column1_tagname&gt;extracted text from xpath&lt;/column1_tagname&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">   &lt;column2_tagname&gt;extracted text from xpath&lt;/column2_tagname&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">  &lt;/row_tagname&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">  &lt;row_tagname&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">   &lt;column1_tagname&gt;extracted text from xpath&lt;/column1_tagname&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">   &lt;column2_tagname&gt;extracted text from xpath&lt;/column2_tagname&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">  &lt;/row_tagname&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">&lt;/table_tagname&gt;</span>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Accumulate data in same table | boolean | configuration | Accumulates every data from several screens in the same table XML element.
Comment | String | configuration | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Display referer | boolean | configuration | Defines whether the referer URL is displayed in the output XML element.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the referer URL is added as an attribute, named <span class="computer">referer</span>, to the XML element added by the extraction rule.
Flip table orientation | boolean | configuration | Flips the table orientation, turning lines into columns and columns into lines.
Is active | boolean | configuration | Defines whether the extraction rule is active.
Tag name | String | configuration | Defines the table tag name in the resulting XML (default tag name is <span class="computer">XMLTable</span>).
Description | XMLVector | selection | Describes the table structure in which data are extracted.<br/>The table is structured as a root element containing row and column child elements, which are defined through <b>Description</b> property. <br/>This property is a list of child elements descriptions, also named <b>row descriptions</b>. Each <b>row description</b> is composed of two properties:<br/><br/>• Row tag name: Row element tag name in resulting DOM (the default tag name is <span class="computer">row</span>). All resulting nodes described by the following row XPath are tagged after this name.<br/>• Row XPath: XPath expression selecting row elements . It is often  defined relatively to parent <i>Table</i> extraction rule XPath expression. The XPath can result in several nodes (ex <span class="computer">.//TR</span>) meaning that several rows are being extracted.<br/> <br/>Each <b>row description</b> contains a list of child elements descriptions, also named <b>column descriptions</b>. Each <b>column description</b> is composed of the following fields:<br/><br/>• Column tag name: Columns element tag name in resulting DOM (the default name is <span class="computer">column</span>).<br/>• Column XPath: XPath expression selecting column elements (data to extract). It is often defined relatively to parent row Xpath expression using the following syntax: "<span class="computer">./</span>".<br/>• Extract children: Indicates whether text extraction should recurse on child elements of the elements found thanks to the Xpath (by default it is set to <span class="computer">true</span>). As it needs more CPU if set to "true", it is then recommended to customize your XPath (using <span class="computer">//text()</span> function for example) and set this property to <span class="computer">false</span>.<br/>
XPath | String | selection | Defines the Xpath expression of nodes on which the extraction rule applies.<br/>Depending on the extraction rule, the execution of this <b>Xpath</b> on the web page DOM can result in a single <span class="computer">Node</span> or a <span class="computer">NodeList</span>.
