---
layout: page
title: Client instruction set checked
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/siteclipper/rules/response-rules/client-instruction-set-checked/
metadesc: Automatically checks a target element from a web page accessed through Convertigo Site Clipper. The action is performed in the client browser after th
ObjGroup: SiteClipper
ObjCatName: response-rules
ObjName: Client instruction set checked
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.extractionrules.siteclipper.ClientInstructionSetChecked
ObjIcon: /images/beans/extractionrules/siteclipper/images/rule_clientinstructionsetchecked_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Automatically checks a target element from a web page accessed through Convertigo Site Clipper. The action is performed in the client browser after the page is loaded. 

The <i>Client instruction set checked</i> extraction rule stores an instruction of checking/unchecking an element in a queue of client instructions. This queue is then unstacked when the page is client-side loaded. The instruction of checking/unchecking an element is performed on the page when it is loaded by the client browser. <br/>The target element (checkbox or radio button) is defined thanks to the <b>JQuery selector</b> property and the state to which change the element is defined by the <b>Checked state</b> property. These properties are JavaScript expressions, evaluated by Convertigo when the extraction rule is applied. <br/>In order to process the unstacking of client instructions in the web page, <span class="computer">client instruction engine</span> code is injected into the page after all response extraction rules are applied. When the page is client-side loaded, the <span class="computer">client instruction engine</span> runs and consumes each registered client instruction, in the same order as extraction rules. <br/>Consuming the <i>Client instruction set checked</i> instruction, the engine selects the target element using the <b>JQuery selector</b> and depending on the <b>Checked state</b> property value: <br/><br/>• sets the attribute <span class="computer">checked="checked"</span> on the target element, if the <b>Checked state</b> evaluation is <span class="computer">true</span>, <br/>• removes the <span class="computer">checked</span> attribute from the target element otherwise.<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Checked state | JS expression | configuration | JavaScript expression defining the boolean value used to change the target element state.<br/>This property defines the checked state to set on the target element. It is defined thanks to a JavaScript expression evaluated using the JavaScript scope of the current context. It should return a boolean to be used as follows: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">true</span> for checked state, <br/>• <span class="computer">false</span> for unchecked state. <br/><br/>The target element should be an <span class="computer">INPUT</span> element of <span class="computer">checkbox</span> or <span class="computer">radio</span> type.
Comment | String | configuration | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | configuration | Defines whether the extraction rule is active.
JQuery selector | JS expression | configuration | JavaScript expression defining a JQuery selector matching the target element from the HTML document.<br/>This property defines a JQuery selector used to retrieve the target element (input field, text area, select, checkbox, radio button, etc.) on the client browser when the page is loaded. It is defined thanks to a JavaScript expression evaluated using the JavaScript scope of the current context. It should return a string to be used as a JQuery selector. <br/>Here are some default syntaxes for JQuery selectors. <br/>An id selector starts with <span class="computer">#</span> character, an attribute selector is between <span class="computer">[]</span> characters, a class selector starts with <span class="computer">.</span> character. <br/>The <span class="computer">&gt;</span> character separating several selectors defines a constraint to the direct ancestor. The space character separating several selectors defines a constraint to any ancestor. <br/>The followings are some simple selectors that can be used in JQuery: <br/><br/>• Select an element by id: <span class="computer">#the_id_to_search</span>, <br/>• Select an any type of element by name: <span class="computer">[name="the_name_to_search"]</span> or also <span class="computer">*[name="the_name_to_search"]</span>, <br/>• Select an input element by name: <span class="computer">input[name="the_name_of_the_input_to_search"]</span>, <br/>• Select an any type of element by class: <span class="computer">.class_to_search</span>, <br/>• Select a div element by class: <span class="computer">div.class_of_a_div_to_search</span>, <br/>• Select an input by name, direct child of a form element selected by class: <span class="computer">form.form_class &gt; input[name="input_name"]</span>, <br/>• Select an hidden input, descendant of a specified id: <span class="computer">#specified_id input[type="hidden"]</span>. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> The full JQuery selector documentation is available on the official JQuery website: <span class="computer">http://api.jquery.com/category/selectors/</span>.
