---
layout: page
title: Client instruction set value
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/siteclipper/rules/response-rules/client-instruction-set-value/
metadesc: Automatically sets a value in a target element from a web page accessed through Convertigo Site Clipper. The action is performed in the client browser
ObjGroup: SiteClipper
ObjCatName: response-rules
ObjName: Client instruction set value
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.extractionrules.siteclipper.ClientInstructionSetValue
ObjIcon: /images/beans/extractionrules/siteclipper/images/rule_clientinstructionsetvalue_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Automatically sets a value in a target element from a web page accessed through Convertigo Site Clipper. The action is performed in the client browser after the page is loaded. 

The <i>Client instruction set value</i> extraction rule stores an instruction of setting a value in an element in a queue of client instructions. This queue is then unstacked when the page is client-side loaded. The instruction of setting a value in a target element is performed on the page when it is loaded by the client browser. <br/>The target element (input field or text area) is defined thanks to the <b>JQuery selector</b> property and the value to enter in the field is defined by the <b>Value</b> property. These properties are JavaScript expressions, evaluated by Convertigo when the extraction rule is applied. <br/>In order to process the unstacking of client instructions in the web page, <span class="computer">client instruction engine</span> code is injected into the page after all response extraction rules are applied. When the page is client-side loaded, the <span class="computer">client instruction engine</span> runs and consumes each registered client instruction, in the same order as extraction rules. <br/>Consuming the <i>Client instruction set value</i> instruction, the engine selects the target element using the <b>JQuery selector</b> and sets the <span class="computer">value</span> attribute with the value computed by the rule using the <b>Value</b> property. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> The value is set using the JQuery <span class="computer">val</span> function. For more information about this function, see the following page: <span class="computer">http://api.jquery.com/val/</span>.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | configuration | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | configuration | Defines whether the extraction rule is active.
JQuery selector | JS expression | configuration | JavaScript expression defining a JQuery selector matching the target element from the HTML document.<br/>This property defines a JQuery selector used to retrieve the target element (input field, text area, select, checkbox, radio button, etc.) on the client browser when the page is loaded. It is defined thanks to a JavaScript expression evaluated using the JavaScript scope of the current context. It should return a string to be used as a JQuery selector. <br/>Here are some default syntaxes for JQuery selectors. <br/>An id selector starts with <span class="computer">#</span> character, an attribute selector is between <span class="computer">[]</span> characters, a class selector starts with <span class="computer">.</span> character. <br/>The <span class="computer">&gt;</span> character separating several selectors defines a constraint to the direct ancestor. The space character separating several selectors defines a constraint to any ancestor. <br/>The followings are some simple selectors that can be used in JQuery: <br/><br/>• Select an element by id: <span class="computer">#the_id_to_search</span>, <br/>• Select an any type of element by name: <span class="computer">[name="the_name_to_search"]</span> or also <span class="computer">*[name="the_name_to_search"]</span>, <br/>• Select an input element by name: <span class="computer">input[name="the_name_of_the_input_to_search"]</span>, <br/>• Select an any type of element by class: <span class="computer">.class_to_search</span>, <br/>• Select a div element by class: <span class="computer">div.class_of_a_div_to_search</span>, <br/>• Select an input by name, direct child of a form element selected by class: <span class="computer">form.form_class &gt; input[name="input_name"]</span>, <br/>• Select an hidden input, descendant of a specified id: <span class="computer">#specified_id input[type="hidden"]</span>. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> The full JQuery selector documentation is available on the official JQuery website: <span class="computer">http://api.jquery.com/category/selectors/</span>.
Value | JS expression | configuration | JavaScript expression defining the string value to set in the target element.<br/>This property defines the value to be entered in the target element. It is defined thanks to a JavaScript expression evaluated using the JavaScript scope of the current context. It should return a string to be used as a text value. <br/>The target element should be: <br/><br/>• an <span class="computer">INPUT</span> element of <span class="computer">text</span>, <span class="computer">hidden</span> or <span class="computer">password</span> type, <br/>• a <span class="computer">SELECT</span> element, <br/>• a <span class="computer">TEXTAREA</span> element.<br/>
