---
layout: page
title: SNA commands
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/legacy/extraction-rules/sna-gui-components/sna-commands/
metadesc: Defines and handles keywords and commands found in legacy screens for <span class="computer">SNA .   The  SNA commands  extraction rule detects patter
ObjGroup: Legacy
ObjCatName: sna-gui-components
ObjName: SNA commands
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.sna.CommandSNA
ObjIcon: /images/beans/sna/images/command_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines and handles keywords and commands found in legacy screens for <span class="computer">SNA</span>. 

The <i>SNA commands</i> extraction rule detects patterns of the form <span class="computer">&lt;KeyName&gt;&lt;Separator&gt;&lt;Action&gt;</span>, where <span class="computer">KeyName</span> must be found in a list provided in the <b>Keywords table</b> property of the rule.<br/>The rule transforms these blocks into <span class="computer">keyword</span> type blocks and adds following XML attributes to matching blocks:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">action</span>: the javelin action to be executed on the mainframe,<br/>• <span class="computer">data</span>: optional additional data to be sent with the action.<br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> XML elements of the <span class="computer">keyword</span> type are handled by the <span class="computer">keyword</span> XSL template described in the <span class="computer">keyword.xsl</span> file. To change the way keywords are displayed in the HTML page, edit this file.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Case dependency | boolean | configuration | Defines whether letter case should be respected in keyword detection.<br/>If set to <span class="computer">false</span>, keywords match even if the case is not similar. For example, <span class="computer">pf13</span> and <span class="computer">PF13</span> match the <span class="computer">PF13</span> keyword.
Comment | String | configuration | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | configuration | Defines whether the extraction rule is active.
Is final | boolean | configuration | Defines if the extraction is final, i.e. whether pending extraction rules should try to match on the current extraction rule matching blocks.<br/><br/>If set to <span class="computer">true</span>, once the rule applies on a matching block, Convertigo doesn't apply the following rules on this block. This can be used to prevent a block from being modified by other rules.
Keyword separators | String | configuration | Defines a concatenated list of keyword separator(s) that can be used.<br/>This property lists separator characters used to separate each keyword name from its action.<br/>For example, "<span class="computer">=</span>" is a keyword separator that matches the <span class="computer">F3=EXIT</span> command.
Keywords table | XMLVector | configuration | Defines a list of keywords that can be detected, with replacement texts, optional data to send and associated action.<br/>This property is a list of <i>Keywords</i>. For each <i>Keyword</i> you can define:<br/><br/>• <b>Keyword</b>: Keyword string to handle when found in the screen,<br/>• <b>Replace Text</b>: Replacement text for the keyword (hotspot label, optional),<br/>• <b>Sent data</b>: Data to be sent before performing action (optionnal),<br/>• <b>Action</b>: Action key to be pressed when the user clicks on the button (action key corresponding to found keyword).<br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• A new keyword can be added to the list using the blue keyboard icon. The keywords defined in the list can be ordered using the arrow up and arrow down buttons, or deleted using the red cross icon. <br/>• The order of the keywords defined in this table is very important, it is used for detection priority. That means if two keywords can match on a block, only the first keyword from this table will be handled for this block.<br/>
Label location | int | configuration | Defines where to search for the label.<br/>The label location value can be one of the following:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">From right block</span>: the label is to the right of the keyword. For example: <span class="computer">F12=Open</span><br/>• <span class="computer">From left block</span>: the label is to the left of the keyword. For example: <span class="computer">Open=F12</span><br/>• <span class="computer">From block above</span>: the label is on top of the keyword. For example: <span class="computer">DO This F12</span><br/>• <span class="computer">From block below</span>: the label is below the keyword. For example: <span class="computer">F12 Do This</span><br/>
Mashup event | String | configuration | Defines mashup events dispatched on click.<br/>Mashup events can be of two types:<br/><br/>• Calling directly a transaction or a sequence in Convertigo, <br/>• Launching an event in Mashup Composer.<br/><br/><b>Mashup event</b> property allows to define a combination of one direct call to a Convertigo transaction or sequence and/or one launch of Mashup Composer event. Filling this property adds a <span class="computer">mashup_event</span> attribute to the block, containing the previous combination in a JSON syntax of one of the following formats: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">{"requestable":{"__transaction":"&lt;transaction name&gt;","__connector":"&lt;connector name&gt;"}}</span> for a transaction call only, <br/>• <span class="computer">{"requestable":{"__sequence":"&lt;sequence name&gt;"}}</span> for a sequence call only, <br/>• <span class="computer">{"event":"&lt;event name&gt;"}<span class="computer"> for a mashup event only, <br/>• <span class="computer">{"requestable":{"__transaction":"&lt;transaction name&gt;","__connector":"&lt;connector name&gt;"},"event":"&lt;event name&gt;"}</span> for a transaction call and a mashup event, <br/>• <span class="computer">{"requestable":{"__sequence":"&lt;sequence name&gt;"},"event":"&lt;event name&gt;"}</span> for a sequence call and a mashup event.<br/><br/> This <span class="computer">mashup_event</span> attribute and its content have to be handled by the XSL file applying at the end of the transaction to generate a real Convertigo call and/or Mashup Composer event on click on the displayed object.
Separator mandatory | boolean | configuration | Defines whether a separator character between keyword and label is mandatory.<br/>If set to <span class="computer">true</span>, a block containing a keyword (defined in <b>Keywords table</b> property) but which doesn't have one of the separator characters (defined in <b>Keyword separators</b> property) next to it will not match the rule.
Attributes | int | selection | Defines the presentation attributes on which the rule applies, i.e. the rule applies on blocks matching these presentation attributes.<br/>This property allows to configure the rule so that it applies only to parts of screens having specific attributes, for example green text on black background.<br/>Presentation attributes to configure are :<br/><br/>• <b>Color</b>: <span class="computer">Foreground</span> color, <span class="computer">Background</span> color, to choose in a list of predefined colors or "not to take into account".<br/>• <b>Decoration</b>: <span class="computer">bold</span>, <span class="computer">reverse</span>, <span class="computer">underlined</span>, <span class="computer">blink</span>, for each decoration choose between "with the decoration", "normal" (i.e. without the decoration), or "not to take into account".<br/>
Screen zone | XMLRectangle | selection | Defines the screen zone on which the rule applies, i.e. the rule applies on blocks completely contained in this screen area.<br/>This property allows to configure the rule so that it applies only to areas of screens. All blocks found within the specified perimeter are matching this screen zone and can be processed by the rule. <br/>The screen area is defined through four coordinates: <br/><br/>• x (area left corner), <br/>• y (area upper corner), <br/>• w (area width), <br/>• h (area height). <br/><br/>All values are given in characters, with the upper left corner being (x=0, y=0). <br/><span class="computer">-1</span> represents an undefined value: <span class="computer">(x=-1, y=-1, w=-1, h=-1)</span> is an undefined area representing the whole screen, i.e. all blocks, whatever their coordinates, are matching this screen zone and can be processed by the rule.
Type | String | selection | Defines, using a regular expression, to which block types the rule applies.<br/>For example, if set to: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">static</span>, the rule applies to blocks of <span class="computer">static</span> type only. <br/>• <span class="computer">static &#124; field</span>, the rule applies to blocks of <span class="computer">static</span> or <span class="computer">field</span> type only. <br/>• <span class="computer">[^field]</span>, the rule applies to all but <span class="computer">field</span> type blocks.<br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span><br/><br/>• For more information about regular expression patterns, see the following page: <span class="computer">http://www.regular-expressions.info/reference.html</span>. <br/>• To test regular expressions, you can use the regular expression tester at the following URL: <span class="computer">http://www.regular-expressions.info/javascriptexample.html</span>.<br/>
