---
layout: page
title: Site Clipper transaction
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/siteclipper/site-clipper-transaction/
metadesc: Defines a transaction for a  Site Clipper connector .   A  Site Clipper transaction  allows Convertigo to connect to a remote web server hosted at the
ObjGroup: SiteClipper
ObjCatName: 
ObjName: Site Clipper transaction
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.transactions.SiteClipperTransaction
ObjIcon: /images/beans/transactions/images/siteclippertransaction_color_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines a transaction for a <i>Site Clipper connector</i>. 

A <i>Site Clipper transaction</i> allows Convertigo to connect to a remote web server hosted at the URL defined in <b>Target URL</b> property. <br/>Its execution does not return data from the target server, but specifies a redirection URL to its parent connector. This rewritten URL is an absolute URL pointing to the current Convertigo project, with a particular syntax:<br/><br/>• it starts with the usual project's path, <br/>• it then specifies the Convertigo context and the <i>Site Clipper connector</i> to use, <br/>• it ends with the <span class="computer">.siteclipper</span> extension, <br/>• after the extension, the target resource URL is concatenated, replacing the '<span class="computer">://</span>' symbols after the target resource protocol, <span class="computer">http://</span> for example, by a '<span class="computer">/</span>' character. <br/><br/>This gives the following URL form: <br/><span class="computer">http://&lt;convertigo_server_host&gt;:&lt;convertigo_server_port&gt;/convertigo/projects/&lt;project_name&gt;/context=&lt;context_name&gt;,connector=&lt;connector_name&gt;.siteclipper/&lt;target_resource_protocol&gt;/&lt;target_resource_host&gt;/&lt;target_resource_URI&gt;</span>. <br/>The <i>Site Clipper connector</i> accessed thanks to this URL then relays all HTTP messages between the client and the target server. <br/>To sum up, the <i>Site Clipper transaction</i> is used to initiate a site clipping process on a website, including the initialization of a context in the Convertigo server. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> See <i>Site Clipper connector</i> and all related objects (<i>Screen class</i>, criteria, extraction rules,etc.) documentation for more information on how to manipulate the relayed HTTP data for site clipping purpose.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Accessibility | Accessibility | standard | Defines the transaction/sequence accessibility.<br/>This property can take the following values: <br/><br/>• <span class="computer">Public</span>: The transaction/sequence is runnable from everyone and everywhere, visible in the Test Platform and is also exposed in the SOAP WSDL as a web service method. <br/>• <span class="computer">Hidden</span>: The transaction/sequence is runnable but only from people who know the execution URL, not visible in the Test Platform nor exposed in the SOAP WSDL. <br/>• <span class="computer">Private</span>: The transaction/sequence is only runnable from within the Convertigo engine (<i>Call Transaction</i>/(<i>Call Sequence</i> steps), is not visible in the Test Platform and cannot be requested as SOAP web service method. This value is used for tests, unfinished transactions/sequences or functionalities not to be exposed. Private transactions/sequences remain runnable in the Studio, for the developer to be able to test its developments.<br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> In the Test Platform: <br/><br/>• The administrator user (authenticated in Administration Console or Test Platform) can see and run all transactions / sequences, no matter what their <b>accessibility</b> is. <br/>• The test user (authenticated in the Test Platform or in case of anonymous access) can see and run public transactions/sequences and run hidden ones if he knows their execution URL. <br/>
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Response timeout | long | standard | Defines the response maximum waiting time (in seconds).<br/>Maximum time (in seconds) for a transaction/sequence to run. When specified time is reached, the transaction/sequence ends and returns a timeout error. If requested through the SOAP interface, the error is returned as a SOAP exception.
Target URL | String | standard | Defines the URL of a remote website to be clipped by Convertigo.<br/>This property defines the URL to which connect when starting the site clipping process thanks to this transaction.
Add statistics to response | boolean | expert | Defines whether some statistics of execution of the transaction/sequence should be added as data in the transaction/sequence's response.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the transaction/sequence response will be enhanced with the statistics data of its execution (total time for the request, time spent waiting for the mainframe, etc.). <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> This property has nothing to do with the general property of the Convertigo engine <b>Insert statistics in the generated document</b> that can be edited in the <i>Configuration</i> page of the <i>Administration Console</i>.
Authenticated context required | boolean | expert | Defines whether an authenticated context is required to execute the transaction/sequence.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the context of execution of the transaction/sequence must have been authenticated. Otherwise, the transaction/sequence is not executed. Default value is <span class="computer">false</span> for a standard access to transactions/sequences. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• When a context is authenticated, all the contexts in the same HTTP session are also authenticated. For more information about context and HTTP session, see <i>Context general presentation</i> paragraph in <i>JavaScript Objects APIs</i> chapter. <br/>• When executing a transaction/sequence from stub (<span class="computer">__stub</span> variable passed to <span class="computer">true</span> in entry), this property is ignored. Indeed, executing from stub is for testing purposes and should not require any authentication: the context would never be authenticated as the transaction/sequence setting the context as authenticated could also be executed from stub.<br/>
Authenticated user as cache key | boolean | expert | Defines whether the authenticated user should be used as cache key.<br/>When the cache is enabled (<b>Response lifetime</b> setting filled with a time-to-live), the <b>Authenticated user as cache key</b> property allows to specify to use the authenticated user ID from context/session as an additional key to the cache. <br/>It would have as effect that two different identified users cannot retrieve the cached response of the other for the same request. Default value is <span class="computer">false</span>: the authenticated user is not used as cache key.
Call the biller | boolean | expert | Defines whether the billing management module should be called for each generated XML document.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the applicable billing management module, defined thanks to the connector's billing class name property, is invoqued. <b>This parameter should never be changed</b> (Convertigo private use only).
Character set | String | expert | Defines the character set used for operations on the generated XML document (default: <span class="computer">UTF-8</span>).
Include certificate group | boolean | expert | Includes the certificate group into the cache key.<br/>If set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the certificate group is added to the cache key which is used to determine whether the transaction's response should be pulled from the cache or not. <br/>A transaction's cached response is pulled from the cache when all cache key values are corresponding to a stored cache entry.
Secure connection required | boolean | expert | Defines whether the transaction/sequence should be called through a secured connection (e.g. HTTPS).<br/>Depending on the requester, if this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the transaction/sequence must be accessed through a secure connection (e.g. HTTPS in case of HTTP access). Default value is <span class="computer">false</span> for a standard access to transactions/sequences.
