---
layout: page
title: Field
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/json-steps/field/
metadesc: Creates an XML element ready to output a JSON base type with the .json requester.   The  Field  step adds an element node ready to output a JSON strin
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: json-steps
ObjName: Field
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.JsonFieldStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jsonfield_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Creates an XML element ready to output a JSON base type with the .json requester. 

The <i>Field</i> step adds an element node ready to output a JSON string, number, boolean or null with the <i>.json</i> requester. <br/>The XML element resulting from this step can be output in the response XML of the sequence if the <b>Output</b> property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, or used as a source by any other following step.<br/><i>Field</i> will be inserted to its <i>Object</i> parent using the <b>key</b> property as JSON key. Its value is set thanks to a source defined in <b>Source</b> property. If no source is defined or if its results is empty, the XML element contains the value of the <b>Default value</b> property, if a value is defined in this property. <br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Key | SmartType | standard | Defines the key name used for its Object parent owner.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to specify the key. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a hard-coded text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• If you use the <b>source</b> type for this property, the XPath application on target XML should give a text result. Otherwise, the first node's text content is taken. <br/>
Type | JsonFieldType | standard | Defines the <span class="computer">type</span> for the value JSON transformation.<br/>This property defines <span class="computer">string</span> as default type. <br/>This value can be updated. Possible type values are the following:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">string</span>, <br/>• <span class="computer">number</span>, <br/>• <span class="computer">boolean</span>, <br/>• <span class="computer">null</span>.<br/>
Value | SmartType | standard | Defines the expression evaluated to give the text to output.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to specify the key. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a hard-coded text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• If you use the <b>source</b> type for this property, the XPath application on target XML should give a text result. Otherwise, the first node's text content is taken. <br/>
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
