---
layout: page
title: JSON to XML
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/json-steps/json-to-xml/
metadesc: Creates an XML attribute node based on a JavaScript expression.   The  JSON to XML  step adds an typed XML structure node to the parent generated XML 
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: json-steps
ObjName: JSON to XML
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.JsonToXmlStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jsontoxml_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Creates an XML attribute node based on a JavaScript expression. 

The <i>JSON to XML</i> step adds an typed XML structure node to the parent generated XML element in the sequence XML output. <br/>The resulting from this step can be output in the response XML of the sequence if the <b>Output</b> property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, or used as a source by any other following step. <br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
JSON Object | SmartType | standard | Defines an object from the JS scope or parse a JSON String that will be transformed to an XML typed structure.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to specify the key. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a hard-coded text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• If you use the <b>source</b> type for this property, the XPath application on target XML should give a text result. Otherwise, the first node's text content is taken.
Key | SmartType | standard | Defines the key name used for its Object parent owner.<br/>This property is a "smart type" property, that allows to specify the key. <br/>A "smart type" property can be of one of the following types: <br/><br/>• a <b>text</b>: the value is therefore a hard-coded text value, <br/>• a <b>JavaScript expression</b>: the value is therefore a JavaScript expression that is evaluated at sequence execution, <br/>• a <b>source</b>: the value is a source and can be picked using the source picker. A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• If you use the <b>source</b> type for this property, the XPath application on target XML should give a text result. Otherwise, the first node's text content is taken.
JSON Sample | String | expert | Defines a sample of the expected JSON, used to extract the schema of the response.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
