---
layout: page
title: Attribute
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/xml-steps/attribute/
metadesc: Creates an XML attribute node.   The  Attribute  step adds an attribute node to parent generated XML element in the sequence XML output.  The XML attr
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: xml-steps
ObjName: Attribute
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.XMLAttributeStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/attrib_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Creates an XML attribute node. 

The <i>Attribute</i> step adds an attribute node to parent generated XML element in the sequence XML output. <br/>The XML attribute resulting from this step can be output in the response XML of the sequence if the <b>Output</b> property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, or used as a source by any other following step. <br/>The attribute is named after the value of the <b>Node name</b> property, its value is set thanks to a source defined in <b>Source</b> property. If no source is defined or if its results is empty, the XML attribute contains the value of the <b>Default value</b> property, if a value is defined in this property. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> <br/><br/>• An <i>Attribute</i> step can only be added under <i>Element</i> steps, <i>jElement</i> steps and <i>Complex</i> steps. <br/>• No step can be added under an <i>Attribute</i> step.<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Attribute namespace | String | standard | Defines the namespace to use for this attribute.<br/>Leave it blank for no namespace.
Attribute namespace URI | String | standard | Defines the URI associated with the namespace.<br/>Leave it blank for no namespace.
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Default value | String | standard | Defines the default text value of the attribute.<br/>This property allows defining a default value to use when no source is defined or when the source result is empty.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Node name | String | standard | Defines the name of the generated XML attribute.<br/>This property can contain any name, no words are reserved, and must follow the rules on XML naming:<br/><br/>• it can contain letters, numbers, and other characters, <br/>• it cannot start with a number, <br/>• it cannot contain spaces nor punctuation character.<br/>
Assigned XSD Simple type QName | XmlQName | expert | Defines the schema base type to assign as a type to this simple XML element.<br/>This property allows to assign a simple XSD type to the simple XML element generated by this step. It can only be used when the step actually generates a simple XML element.
Source | XMLVector | expert | Defines the source to use as value.<br/>This property allows defining a node or a list of nodes from a previous step used by current step as value. <br/>A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, the step uses the value defined in <b>Default value</b> property, if a value is defined in this property. Otherwise, the step creates an empty attribute.
