---
layout: page
title: Copy
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/xml-steps/copy/
metadesc: Imports a copy of XML elements sourced from a previous step.   The  Copy  step duplicates and imports a list of nodes from a previously executed step 
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: xml-steps
ObjName: Copy
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.XMLCopyStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/copystep_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Imports a copy of XML elements sourced from a previous step. 

The <i>Copy</i> step duplicates and imports a list of nodes from a previously executed step to the sequence XML output. The XML elements resulting from this step can be used as a source by another step.<br/>The list of nodes to duplicate is set thanks to a source defined in <b>Source</b> property.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Source | XMLVector | expert | Defines the source to copy.<br/>This property allows defining a list of nodes from a previous step that are copied by this step. <br/>A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, the step has no data to work on: nothing is copied in the sequence output.
