---
layout: page
title: Generate dates
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/xml-steps/generate-dates/
metadesc: Creates a list of XML elements containing dates based on input definitions.    Generate dates  step is used to generate a list of dates. These dates a
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: xml-steps
ObjName: Generate dates
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.XMLGenerateDatesStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/generatedates_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Creates a list of XML elements containing dates based on input definitions. 

<i>Generate dates</i> step is used to generate a list of dates. These dates are generated based upon <b>Input</b> properties.<br/>Depending on <b>Split</b> property value, resulting dates can be:<br/><br/>• formatted, thanks to <b>Output</b> properties, into text in XML elements that are inserted in the sequence's XML output, <br/>• split in several pieces of information (day of week, day date, month, year) that are added into an XML structure inserted in the sequence's XML output.<br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Node name | String | standard | Defines the tag name of the generated XML element.<br/>This property can contain any name, no words are reserved, and must follow the rules on XML naming:<br/><br/>• it can contain letters, numbers, and other characters, <br/>• it cannot start with a number, <br/>• it cannot contain spaces nor punctuation character.<br/>
Assigned XSD Simple type QName | XmlQName | expert | Defines the schema base type to assign as a type to this simple XML element.<br/>This property allows to assign a simple XSD type to the simple XML element generated by this step. It can only be used when the step actually generates a simple XML element.
Input - Days of week | XMLVector | expert | Defines the days of week.<br/>This property defines the days of the week which dates have to be generated. Days of week are defined by numbers which can take different values depending on the <b>Java Calendar compatibility</b> property:<br/><br/>• for Java Calendar compatible format - M:2, T:3, W:4, T:5, F:6, S:7, S:1;<br/>• for classic format - M:1, T:2, W:3, T:4, F:5, S:6, S:7. <br/><br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• For generating several days, separate days numbers by a comma (<span class="computer">","</span>). For example: <span class="computer">"2,3,4,5,6,7,1"</span> to generate all days with <b>Java Calendar compatibility</b> property to <span class="computer">true</span>.<br/>• The order of defined days numbers does not impact the dates generation. For example: <span class="computer">"2,3,4,5,6,7,1"</span> and <span class="computer">"5,2,6,4,3,7,1"</span> values give the same output result dates.<br/>
Input - End date | XMLVector | expert | Defines the end date using <b>Input - format</b> property value format.<br/>This property defines the date to which dates are generated (day included).
Input - Format | String | expert | Defines the input dates format.<br/>Input dates text must be formatted depending on this property.<br/>For example, if dates are entered in the following form: <span class="computer">09/09/2009</span>, the <b>Input - Format</b> property can be set to:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">MM/dd/yyyy</span>, with the <b>Input - Locale</b> property set to <span class="computer">US</span>,<br/>• <span class="computer">dd/MM/yyyy</span>, with the <b>Input - Locale</b> property set to <span class="computer">FR</span>.<br/><br/>For more information on usable symbols, see Appendix "<i>Date format - Usable symbols</i>".
Input - Locale | String | expert | Defines the input dates locale.<br/>Input dates text must be formatted depending on this property.<br/>For example, with the <b>Input - Format</b> property set to <span class="computer">dd MMMM yyyy</span>, the <b>Input - Locale</b> property can be set to:<br/><br/>• <span class="computer">US</span>, if entered dates look like <span class="computer">09 September 2009</span>,<br/>• <span class="computer">FR</span>, if entered dates look like <span class="computer">09 septembre 2009</span>.<br/>
Input - Start date | XMLVector | expert | Defines the start date using <b>Input - format</b> property value format.<br/>This property defines the date from which dates are generated (day included).
Java Calendar compatibility | boolean | expert | Defines whether input/output properties values are compatible with the <span class="computer">Java Calendar</span>.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">false</span>, the input/output properties values use traditional calendar notations:<br/><br/>• weekdays go from 1 to 7, <br/>• months go from 01 to 12, <br/>• days go from 01 to 31.<br/><br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, the input/output properties values use Java Calendar notations:<br/><br/>• weekdays go from 1 to 7 (but order differs from traditional calendar, see the <b>Input - Days of week</b> property), <br/>• months go from 0 to 11, <br/>• days go from 1 to 31.<br/>
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Output - Format | String | expert | Defines the dates output format in "<span class="computer">no split</span>" case.<br/>This property defines the resulting date format when dates are generated as texts (see <b>Split</b> property description). <br/>In this case, text of generated dates is formatted depending on <b>Output - Format</b> property.<br/>For example, if the <b>Output - Format</b> property is set to <span class="computer">yyyy MM dd</span>, the <span class="computer">09/09/2009</span> resulting date would be written: <span class="computer">2009 09 09</span>.<br/>For more information on usable symbols, see Appendix "<i>Date format - Usable symbols</i>".
Output - Locale | String | expert | Defines the dates output locale in "<span class="computer">no split</span>" case.<br/>This property defines the resulting date locale when dates are generated as texts. Text is formatted depending on this property. <br/>For example, if the date is <span class="computer">09/09/2009</span> and the resulting <b>Output - Format</b> property is set to <span class="computer">MMMM</span>, the resulting date would be written:<br/><br/>• "September", with the <b>Output - Locale</b> property set to <span class="computer">US</span>,<br/>• "septembre", with the <b>Output - Locale</b> property set to <span class="computer">FR</span>.<br/>
Split | boolean | expert | Defines whether dates should be split into several pieces of data or written as text.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">false</span> (i.e. "<span class="computer">no split</span>" format), each generated date is created with the following format:<br/><span class="computer">&lt;date&gt;date into </span><b>Output format</b><span class="computer"> format&lt;/date&gt;</span>.<br/>If this property is set to <span class="computer">true</span> (i.e. "<span class="computer">split</span>" format), each generated date is created with the following format:<br/><span class="computer">&lt;date&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">    &lt;dayOfWeek&gt;value of dayOfWeek&lt;/dayOfWeek&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">    &lt;day&gt;value of day&lt;/day&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">    &lt;month&gt;value of month&lt;/month&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">    &lt;year&gt;value of year/year&gt;</span><br/><span class="computer">&lt;/date&gt;</span>
