---
layout: page
title: jAttribute
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/xml-steps/jattribute/
metadesc: Creates an XML attribute node based on a JavaScript expression.   The  jAttribute  step adds an attribute node to parent generated XML element in the 
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: xml-steps
ObjName: jAttribute
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.AttributeStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jattrib_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Creates an XML attribute node based on a JavaScript expression. 

The <i>jAttribute</i> step adds an attribute node to parent generated XML element in the sequence XML output. <br/>The XML attribute resulting from this step can be output in the response XML of the sequence if the <b>Output</b> property is set to <span class="computer">true</span>, or used as a source by any other following step. <br/>The attribute is named after the value of the <b>Node name</b> property, its value is set thanks to a JavaScript expression defined in <b>Expression</b> property. If the JavaScript expression is null, the XML attribute contains the value of the <b>Default value</b> property.<br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Notes:</span> <br/><br/>• A <i>jAttribute</i> step can only be added under <i>Element</i> steps, <i>jElement</i> steps and <i>Complex</i> steps. <br/>• No step can be added under a <i>jAttribute</i> step. <br/>

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Attribute namespace | String | standard | Defines the namespace to use for this attribute.<br/>Leave it blank for no namespace.
Attribute namespace URI | String | standard | Defines the URI associated with the namespace.<br/>Leave it blank for no namespace.
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Default value | String | standard | Defines the default text value of the node.<br/>This property allows defining a default value to use when no content is specified thanks to the <b>Expression</b> property of if this expression returns <span class="computer">null</span>.
Expression | JS expression | standard | Defines the expression evaluated to give the output text.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the text string to output in the generated attribute.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Node name | String | standard | Defines the name of the generated XML attribute.<br/>This property can contain any name, no words are reserved, and must follow the rules on XML naming:<br/><br/>• it can contain letters, numbers, and other characters, <br/>• it cannot start with a number, <br/>• it cannot contain spaces nor punctuation character.<br/>
Assigned XSD Simple type QName | XmlQName | expert | Defines the schema base type to assign as a type to this simple XML element.<br/>This property allows to assign a simple XSD type to the simple XML element generated by this step. It can only be used when the step actually generates a simple XML element.
