---
layout: page
title: jElement
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/xml-steps/jelement/
metadesc: Defines an XML element based on a JavaScript expression.    The  jElement  step adds an element node with text content to parent generated XML element
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: xml-steps
ObjName: jElement
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.ElementStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/jelement_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Defines an XML element based on a JavaScript expression.

The *jElement* step adds an element node with text content to parent generated XML element in the sequence XML output.

The XML element resulting from this step can be output in the response XML of the sequence if the **Output** property is set to `true`, or used as a source by any other following step.

The element is named after the value of the **Node name** property, its value is set thanks to a JavaScript expression defined in **Expression** property. If the JavaScript expression is null, the XML element contains the value of the **Default value** property.

**Note:** Child steps can be added under this step to create a data structure.


Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Default value | String | standard | Defines the default text value of the node.<br/>This property allows defining a default value to use when no content is specified thanks to the **Expression** property of if this expression returns `null`.
Expression | JS expression | standard | Defines the expression evaluated to give the output text.<br/>This property is a JavaScript expression that is evaluated during the sequence execution and gives the text string to output in the generated element.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Node name | String | standard | Defines the tag name of the generated XML element.<br/>This property can contain any name, no words are reserved, and must follow the rules on XML naming:<br/><br/>- it can contain letters, numbers, and other characters,<br/>- it cannot start with a number,<br/>- it cannot contain spaces nor punctuation character.
Assigned XSD Complex type QName  | XmlQName | expert | Defines a global schema Complex type to assign as a type to this structured XML element.<br/>This property allows to assign an XSD Complex type to the structured XML element generated by this step.<br/><br/>The QName defined by this property can be:<br/><br/>- a new Complex type name: the Complex type will be created from this structure in the project's schema,<br/>- an already defined Complex type name: the existing Complex type is used and possibly enhanced by the structure generated by this XML element (if not identical): the Complex type will be a union of all XML structures using it.<br/><br/>To use an already existing Complex type name, the popup editor displays all types available in the project's schema:<br/><br/>- in grey: all non editable schema types (Convertigo standard error schema, types imported through references, types of transactions, etc.),<br/>- in blue: all schema types dynamically generated from the project's sequences,<br/>- in green: all dynamic schema types explicitly named by **Assigned XSD Complex type QName ** or **Assigned XSD Element ref QName** properties.
Assigned XSD Element ref QName | XmlQName | expert | Defines a global schema Element to assign as a reference to this structured XML element.<br/>This property allows to assign a referenced Element to the structured XML element generated by this step. The referenced Element and its corresponding XSD Complex type will also be created if non existing in the project's schema.<br/><br/>The QName defined by this property can be:<br/><br/>- a new referenced Element name: the referenced Element and the corresponding Complex type will be created from this structure in the project's schema,<br/>- an already defined referenced Element name: the existing referenced Element is used and its Complex type is possibly enhanced by the structure generated by this XML element (if not identical): the Complex type will be a union of all XML structures using it.<br/><br/>To use an already existing referenced Element name, the popup editor displays all types available in the project's schema:<br/><br/>- in grey: all non editable schema types (Convertigo standard error schema, types imported through references, types of transactions, etc.),<br/>- in blue: all schema types dynamically generated from the project's sequences,<br/>- in green: all dynamic schema types explicitly named by **Assigned XSD Complex type QName ** or **Assigned XSD Element ref QName** properties.
Assigned XSD Simple type QName | XmlQName | expert | Defines the schema base type to assign as a type to this simple XML element.<br/>This property allows to assign a simple XSD type to the simple XML element generated by this step. It can only be used when the step actually generates a simple XML element.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to `true` to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to `false` to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/><br/>Setting this property to `false` does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
