---
layout: page
title: Split
sidebar: c8o_sidebar
permalink: reference-manual/convertigo-objects/sequencer/steps/xml-steps/split/
metadesc: Splits sourced text into XML elements.    Split  step helps breaking a sourced text around matches of the given separator. The resulting XML element c
ObjGroup: Sequencer
ObjCatName: xml-steps
ObjName: Split
ObjClass: com.twinsoft.convertigo.beans.steps.XMLSplitStep
ObjIcon: /images/beans/steps/images/splitstep_32x32.png
topnav: topnavobj
---
##### Splits sourced text into XML elements. 

<i>Split</i> step helps breaking a sourced text around matches of the given separator. The resulting XML element contains a nodelist of founded values.

Property | Type | Category | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
Comment | String | standard | Describes the object comment to include in the documentation report.<br/>This property generally contains an explanation about the object.
Default value | String | standard | Defines the default text value of the element.<br/>This property allows defining a default value to use when no source is defined or when the source result is empty.
Is active | boolean | standard | Defines whether the step is active.
Keep separator | boolean | standard | Defines whether separators should be kept.
Node name | String | standard | Defines the tag name of the generated XML element.<br/>This property can contain any name, no words are reserved, and must follow the rules on XML naming:<br/><br/>• it can contain letters, numbers, and other characters, <br/>• it cannot start with a number, <br/>• it cannot contain spaces nor punctuation character.<br/>
Separator | String | standard | Defines the regular expression to be used as a separator.
Assigned XSD Complex type QName  | XmlQName | expert | Defines a global schema Complex type to assign as a type to this structured XML element.<br/>This property allows to assign an XSD Complex type to the structured XML element generated by this step. <br/>The QName defined by this property can be: <br/><br/>• a new Complex type name: the Complex type will be created from this structure in the project's schema, <br/>• an already defined Complex type name: the existing Complex type is used and possibly enhanced by the structure generated by this XML element (if not identical): the Complex type will be a union of all XML structures using it.<br/><br/>To use an already existing Complex type name, the popup editor displays all types available in the project's schema: <br/><br/>• in grey: all non editable schema types (Convertigo standard error schema, types imported through references, types of transactions, etc.), <br/>• in blue: all schema types dynamically generated from the project's sequences, <br/>• in green: all dynamic schema types explicitly named by <b>Assigned XSD Complex type QName </b> or <b>Assigned XSD Element ref QName</b> properties.<br/>
Assigned XSD Element ref QName | XmlQName | expert | Defines a global schema Element to assign as a reference to this structured XML element.<br/>This property allows to assign a referenced Element to the structured XML element generated by this step. The referenced Element and its corresponding XSD Complex type will also be created if non existing in the project's schema. <br/>The QName defined by this property can be: <br/><br/>• a new referenced Element name: the referenced Element and the corresponding Complex type will be created from this structure in the project's schema, <br/>• an already defined referenced Element name: the existing referenced Element is used and its Complex type is possibly enhanced by the structure generated by this XML element (if not identical): the Complex type will be a union of all XML structures using it.<br/><br/>To use an already existing referenced Element name, the popup editor displays all types available in the project's schema: <br/><br/>• in grey: all non editable schema types (Convertigo standard error schema, types imported through references, types of transactions, etc.), <br/>• in blue: all schema types dynamically generated from the project's sequences, <br/>• in green: all dynamic schema types explicitly named by <b>Assigned XSD Complex type QName </b> or <b>Assigned XSD Element ref QName</b> properties.<br/>
Assigned XSD Simple type QName | XmlQName | expert | Defines the schema base type to assign as a type to this simple XML element.<br/>This property allows to assign a simple XSD type to the simple XML element generated by this step. It can only be used when the step actually generates a simple XML element.
Output | boolean | expert | Defines whether the XML generated by this step should be appended to the resulting XML.<br/>Set this property to <span class="computer">true</span> to add the step's resulting XML to the sequence's output XML (default value for steps generating XML). Set this property to <span class="computer">false</span> to prevent the steps's XML result to appear in the sequence's output XML.<br/>Setting this property to <span class="computer">false</span> does not prevent the step's generated XML from being used as a source by other steps.
Source | XMLVector | expert | Defines the source to use as value.<br/>This property allows defining a node or a list of nodes from a previous step on which current step works. <br/>A <b>source</b> is defined as a reference on a step previously existing in the parent sequence, associated with an XPath applied on the step's result DOM. At runtime, the XPath is applied on the step's current execution result XML and extracts a list of XML nodes resulting from this execution. <br/>If the XPath doesn't match or if the source is left blank, the step uses the value defined in <b>Default value</b> property, if a value is defined in this property. Otherwise, the step creates an element with no data.
Split tags | XMLVector | expert | Defines the tags to be used for new elements.<br/>Each split element has a <span class="computer">split</span> tag container. If the <b>Split tags</b> table is filled with N elements, the first N split elements are named in the XML output after those elements. The others have a <span class="computer">split</span> tag container. If there are more tags in the table than split elements, tags without element are not added to the output. <br/><span class="orangetwinsoft">Note:</span> A new tag can be added to the list using the blue keyboard icon. The tags defined in the list can be ordered using the arrow up and arrow down buttons, or deleted using the red cross icon.
